You get what you pay for and you don't pay much for this place. It is like a hostel, with several single rooms and shared bathroom. Clean, but not much else. Bed and table are shaky. Good if you're on a tight budget and just need a cheap place to crash for a night. They're strict about check-out times. Alexandra's apartment is centrally located and very close to the Green Line which makes it convenient. Her apartment is newly renovated. Alexandra was easy to communicate via airbnb messaging (don't email her since she does not check it often). The room has a nice closet, towels and she even left new slippers for guests. The room is very dark at night and in the morning since the window faces another building. \r\n\r\nI do wish we would have realized ahead of time that the bed was a modified futon. The pad was thicker than your normal futon, but the back support was not all that great. My parents were actually supposed to stay here while visiting Boston and after one night we had to switch because my dad had back problems. We agree with the other reviews that the place is quirky and very funky. When we arrived the heat didn't work, but Donna had someone out the next day to fix it and that was appreciated. When we requested a blender (for the marathoner in the group), she had a new one there for us. The location was indeed perfect with a small market two blocks away and a Whole Foods nearby.  Donna even provided a wheeled shopping cart. The hill where the apt. is located is pretty steep, if you are not accustomed to walking them. We found the apt. not in the good condition as other people experienced it. (Donna had some medical issues and perhaps that was the reason that detailed care had not been taken in cleaning.) We found the converted sauna (the closet), shower, and the covered hot tub (the bed) in the back bedroom just not to our liking. If anyone has issues with disabilities, this may not be the place for you: steep entry stairs with no handrail, odd step up to the back bedroom. There are no towel racks in the bathroom or near the shower. We felt the price was fair and the location was great.  On the day of our departure our flight left in the early evening and Donna graciously allowed us to stay as late as we needed. This was our first airbnb experience and to be honest: it was ambiguous.\r\nFirst i have to say that there is a lot of space, you have your private floor and they provide shampoo and soup so you don?t have to take care of those things (which is very kind and convenient).\r\nBUT there were a few strange things: you have to go through a very cluttered and dirty room to get to the private room. I don?t understand why they leave this place so cruddy...moreover the fridge in our room was full of mold. Overall it was great. I think the space could have been a bit cleaner. It was very stuffy at first and had a damp smell to it while we there. There was plenty of contact from tiffany both before and during our stay. We felt tiffany would have sorted out any problems if we had any. \r\nHouse description was spot on. \r\nNeighbourhood was residential and had short walks to local amenities. The location was great, the apartment was cozy, and the mattress was pretty comfortable. \r\n\r\nThe lock was a bit tricky at first..but the directions were clear in how to get it opened.  Parking was an issue but we used a nearby garage on Somerset for $37 a day.\r\n\r\nI would give my experience a 3.5 out of 5.  - 1 star because the bed slats were broken, fell off the frame twice, and scared the crap out of us in the middle of the night.  Another -.5 star because there were dirty dishes in the sink  when I got there, which I ended up cleaning myself. Lacking in day to day items. Not many cooking utensils. No information on the area about shops &amp; so forth. A little out of the way. \r\nBeds were uncomfortable It pains me to say this but the only positive things from this experience were location and communication. The south end is very convenient and beautiful and the response time was great. \r\nUnfortunately, everything else left much to be desired. When we arrived after an 8 hour drive, within one hour, we were disturbed twice by someone there to \"show\" the place. The man was very friendly and apologetic about it but it was not the best way to start a trip when you're trying to nap. \r\nThe walls are made of...paper? The three nights we spent were soundtracked by a man with a constant cough, spitting up phlegm so loud that we had to use our computer to download relaxation music to drown out the sound at night in order to sleep (which was not restful because the bed is uncomfortable). You can hear EVERYTHING (I mean everything) through these walls as though it's all in your room. We had to take very short showers because the drain wouldn't drain so within a few minutes the bottom had filled with water to your ankles. Not cool. Perhaps I should've read a bit more closely, but typically through an airbnb, something is provided like soap in the shower, or mini shampoo or conditioner bottles. Nope. Not here. So we had to make a run to CVS. Lastly, the place smells wet, like mildew and the first time we tried to open the top drawer, it was broken so we ended up living out of our suitcases as opposed to putting anything away, which made this TINY room even smaller. I'll be sure to check whether my next airbnb experience is a \"short term rental\" like this or someone's actual apartment. Would not recommend this place at all, unfortunately. \r\n The neigbourhood is excelent and the street is very nice and quiet.\r\nthe appartment is nice and the bedroom is  big and bright.\r\nwe didn't see john but his roommate was very nice.\r\nUnfortunately, it was a bad experience,\r\nthe bed was very small, hard and skinny.\r\nit was not enough big to sleep at two people, and we are tallest than the bed ( I am 6 feet tall).\r\nMy friend slept without sheets on the couch which was dirty also.\r\nWe have not taken a shower because the bathroom was seriously terrible with dirtiness and moldiness everywhere... I am sorry to tell that, but you can't rent at 100$ with these services. It is sad because you have everything to make a succes.\r\nbest regards, No quilt, no air conditioner. Very small. Good location, very close to Boston Conservatory. We didn?t meet Izzy at all!!!! After we arrived nobody was there except some spanish speaking people.\r\nOur room was disgusting!!! It smelted like mold and was very dirty!!!!\r\nThe Bathroom wasn?t cleaned either and my friend and i wanted to leave right after we came??\r\nThe Dryer or washer was not usable because the assistant from Izzy washed all the time.\r\nThe Neighborhood is not safe at all and every other morning u could hear people fight.\r\nDon?t stay there!!!!!! It?s nothing like u would expect it! \r\nAnd it?s defenetly to expensive for this nasty place!!!! Jim was very welcoming.\r\nMy flight got delayed but he was very accommodating to the time change. He also gave me some advises on places to grab a bite. Except for the location, an overall disappointing experience. The  apartment is older and in worse condition than the description and photos seem to show. Note that it's on a 3rd floor with no lift, there's no TV, internet is available through a weak Mifi device, it's very noisy outside (ie. provided earplugs!), etc. Before we arrived, Terry had already welcomed our two friends who had come from Maine to meet us. All three (and Terry 's cat!) were in his apartment to greet us. Immediately, we felt at home in Terry's bright and comfortable living-room (refreshments provided); we made use of the impeccable facilities before heading out on foot for a meal nearby.\r\nThe following morning (Saturday), Terry took us on a walking tour of the neighbourhood - a park covering the Orange Line, past the Christian Science Center to the Prudential Center for breakfast (not good value!), then through the Back Bay Fens to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum (where we met again our Maine friends). All this time, Terry provided us with a relaxed and well-informed tour of the locality, pointing out social changes, schools, architecture etc. We discussed academic, social and political life in Boston and Ireland (on the day following a significant referendum, back home!) \r\nThat evening, Terry recommended a good Italian restaurant (excellent food, good value, but noisy!) nearby where we dined with our Maine friends, before taking an early(ish) night. \r\nIn the morning, there was no problem leaving our luggage in Terry's while we set out to explore Boston Common &amp; Beacon Hill before collecting a hired car, then back for our luggage and out of town ...\r\nThroughout, Terry was informative, helpful and charming. It would be hard to ask for more of our first AirBnB experience! Many thanks, Terry, from both of us! Number one issue. Parking. Taskin has no protocol for multiple vehicles. After seeing another guest in the driveway, I was forced to park in the street where resident permits are required. I received a $50 parking violation. When I asked Taskin about it I received no reply from him.\r\n\r\nRoom is as shown I pictures. Very basic but clean with access to kitchen and wifi. Good location besides parking issues. The host communicated well prior to our arrival a days once I texted her that we arrived she promptly showed up to let us in.  We were quite concerned with the neighborhood  when we arrived since there  were boarded up houses and it appeared to be a VERY run down area.  As we awaited her arrival we think  a drug deal was occurring  one house away.  The apartment was nice and as pictured however there was one ac unit for the entire apartment  and a lingering  odor of cigarette smoke.  Immediately after Sarah left we made some calls and found a safe hotel for our family to stay. We were rather disappointed with this accommodatiion. The host did not even meet us, but left rather complicated instructions to access the keys to the apartment.  We did not meet the host at all during our stay, or even hear from him as to how we were getting on.  The apartment was somewhat shabby, and not really like the image indicated, as this only showed a small corner of one room.  The kitchen was tiny, and although quite well equipped, it badly needed redecoration and a good clean. In addition, the apartment backed onto a yard with three dumpsters, and on 4 occasions we were awakened early in the morning by the noise of the dumpsters being emptied. disgusting, disappointed, dirty. The two matress were disgusting and uncomfortable. The bathroom I can't explain it. In the fridge was some old food. Before we arrive we inform Sean that we would like to use the two beds. When we arrive, we dont find sheets for the seconf bed and we ask Sean what can we do, and he say we can go to find him somewhere and he can give us all what we need. This is service? The idea of Airbnb is \"feel like at home\", but here I can only say \"better go to the hostel/hotel\". I can't recommend it. If you read the comments from other peolple you find that a lot of them say the same like me. Susan was *extremely* rude to my girlfriend and I. She did not inform me that there would be construction during our stay - she did, however, demand that I pay her an extra $20/night in cash. When I declined, she incessantly harassed us; it got to the point that we had to leave one night early (despite already having paid) and we would have contacted the local authorities were it not for help from the AirBNB trust and safety team. If she makes a similar demand from you, do NOT oblige it - report her to AirBNB and leave *immediately* This was the first time I've left a rental midway through a trip. I left and paid MORE to stay in a hotel. I wish I would have seen the most recent review at the time I booked this place (the review posted very recently and I book a couple months ago), because I never would have booked the stay.\r\n\r\nEverything in the previous review by Gang is 100 percent accurate. Bare in mind this language barrier, he's speaking to the sounds the heater made rather than the AC. The heater made incredibly loud and awful sounds all night long. While I'm grateful it was turned on, I couldn't sleep at all because of the rattling and shrieking coming from the baseboard unit right next to the bed and in the nearby kitchen. \r\n\r\nAlso, the lighting is completely off in the photos provided. The space is very dark. Additionally, there was salt from the recent snow tracked through the entire place and a bag of dirty laundry by the door. I was very uncomfortable with the idea that someone/a company was coming by to pick up this dirty laundry while I was there. I ended up carrying all of my luggage with me to a conference because I had no idea who had the keypad code to this place.\r\n\r\nThe bed is terribly uncomfortable and, for the current temperatures of 10 degrees at night, there is insufficient bedding available. You're told specifically in the host instructions not to take any additionally bedding from the closet... despite the THIN \"comforter\" provided. The bed is no better than a pull-out couch with a metal bar in your back.\r\n\r\nI was so uncomfortable and unhappy with this listing, I stayed one night and left the next day for a hotel. I paid TWICE because I didn't want to stay there. Michelle seemed like a lovely woman and I can see why people would enjoy her company. However I felt as though there was a discrepancy with the photos of the room and the actual room. The room was extremely dusty and dirty despite Michelle saying that the place is \"professionally cleaned\". I found quite a few dead bugs in the room that should've been cleaned up. There was also a lot of flies, spiders, and centipedes in the room. The sink and the tub was constantly plugged and the water would always fill up even as I was just brushing my teeth. There were brown stains on the bottom of the tub and the shower was extremely slow. I had to wash my hair by dumping buckets of water on my head. On top of the hygiene factor, I also found that the area was unsafe. Upon arrival I already saw a bunch of men under house arrest hanging around our area and they gave myself and my friend quite a hard time by following us around and catcalling us. This happened over the next few days - being followed and being called extremely nasty things. After some investigation, I also found that a man was shot/stabbed repeatedly just a few blocks away from Michelle's home. That made me feel extremely uncomfortable and unsafe, and I actually had to book a hotel for the last night. Although everyone's tolerance for hygiene and safety is different, I found it unbearable to stay even one more night at Michelle's home. These guys are dope. Air condition and wifi were terrible also home was so dirty Had a terrible time communicating to the host. Msgs sent on airbnb for directions came back with a standard copy paste even more confusing directions in broken English. Email sent to host email address bounced and texts were never responded. Calls rarely attended or returned.\r\n\r\nI had to take this place just for a night and I took this place due to the proximity to my meeting place. I managed to land at the door and while on taxi I called Robert to update him that am on the way and the response I got was \"ok\"\r\n\r\nWhen I landed there I was searching for the door number and then a guy came out from the basement and was kind enough to take the bags to the third or fourth floor of the building. Thankfully it was a small bag else it will be a disaster in that narrow, dingy steps with thousands of books on the sides. Some scary antique stuff as well. It was like a museum.