If you're staying in South Boston, this is a terrific place to camp out. The apartment and bedroom are lovely, Ellie is an excellent host, and there is a lot within walking distance in a neighborhood on the rise. Derian and Brian were great and prompt with their communications with us. The room was as described; it was a small nice and clean room with a very comfortable bed and pillows. We shared a bathroom with others in the apartment. Derian had turned on the AC in our room prior to our arrival which we appreciated a lot. He also greeted us kindly when we arrived and showed us around. We arrived late and left early in the morning to catch our flight, so unfortunately, we did not get a chance to meet Brian or to talk much with Derian. John and Dan were gracious hosts and the location and accommodations were very nice......as listed. The best thing about Sean's place is the location. It's by a T station, there are a number of groceries and restaurants around, etc. It was nice to see all the drawings he made while studying architecture. The building is a bit old so walls are a bit thinner but overall it was a nice place to be.\r\n\r\nSean was great in answering phone calls and questions. He was there to meet us when we got to the place. I had a nice stay at Benjamin's apartment. It's very well located. There are public parkings very close, it was really accommodating. I would definitely recommend it! We loved the location of this studio apartment. It was walking distance to  centre of town, Newbury Street and other tourist activities. It is situated in a beautiful building on a pretty tree lined street and has a stunning outlook onto the Charles River. Both the owner and the apt manager were VERY responsive. Quick, thorough replies and very proactive. They were welcome to deal with as a business traveler.\r\n\r\nI used this apt as an alternative to the crazy hotel room prices downtown...and the horrible bed bug problem Boston hotels are NOT dealing with. The getting of the keys and instructions on using the apt are very well thought out.\r\n\r\nThe North End, and Hanover St is the heart of it!  It's busy day and night. Do not take this apt if you are seeking peace and tranquility. It's acurately described as a \"lively\" area. You have immediate access to great restaurants.\r\n\r\nThe apt is cooled by two window units. Thankfully, both were going when I arrived. They did a good job of cooling the rooms. The second floor, which houses the bed and bathroom is as described. If you want soft sheets, I recommend you bring your own. I'm fanatical about having all-cotton bedding which this apt does not have. The towels and bathroom supplies are all clean and as expected. Nothing fancy, but perfectly functional.\r\n\r\nThe kitchen is small, but complete. I barely used it except for glassware.  I noticed a tumbler had a small crack in it and then stupidly used it. When washing the glasses the next morning, it shattered. I'm not sure its something the cleaning crew would normally catch, but there it was.  I cleaned up the glass and my cut and left a larger than normal tip for the cleaners and note that there was broken glass in the garbage.\r\n\r\nOverall, this was a positive experience which I would reuse. Molly, the house, the neighborhood...all were fantastic! Everything was true to description. This was the second time that I stayed at Monicas, this time I actually met her in person and she is very friendly. Upon my arrival she offered me a coffee and a piece of an amzingly delicious zucchini cake. Even though her cafe was closed that day.  It was very interesting to talk to her about her cafe and traveling experiences. The location is super close to the airport and everything is as in the description. I love the proximity to the airport and would come back every time I'll go through Boston. Perfect! My time here was too short! It was a pleasure to meet everyone there. I only wish was that I had not been so busy with work to have gotten a chance to know more about the city in general. The proximity to the T made getting in and out of town very simple. Thank you for being such a great host! As pictured. Quite clean. Parking on the side of the house was appreciated! Water pressure in the shower was quite weak. We stayed at Brian and Lisa's place during the coldest time of the year. That did not hinder us since we received a warm welcome, heated room, warm bed, and many extras. The special care provided by the hosts such as the guidebooks, charliecards for public transport, and provisions such as coffee and tea made our stay extra pleasant. Very nice appartment in the middle of Little Italy. We had everything we needed, even a bottle of wine and water in the fridge. Very clean.\r\nPeferct for 2 adults and 2  children. We can recommend it. The place was clean and quiet. Exactly as described. everything is good. Staying at Katy's place was a very nice expercience! She is a lovely person, who respects your privacy and if you want to talk or have any quetions, she is happy to help or just to sit down for a chat. \r\nThe room has everything you need (+a very comfy chair), the bathroom and the kitchen are clean. Another plus were the washing mashine and the dryer that I could use. \r\nIt takes you about 15-20 minutes to Harvard, about 35-40 minutes to Park Street in Boston. Bus and T go all the time, so I never had to wait too long. There are a few nice shops and restaurants close to Katy's house.\r\n From arrival to departure it was an absolute pleasure staying at Rachel home!  Not only was Rachel's home beautifully decorated, but it was perfectly situated in the city with access to great restaurants, grocery stores and easy access to the 'T'.  \r\n\r\nI would defiantly recommend staying at Rachel's home. Liam was very accommodating and a very gracious host.  The accommodations are very simple and are exactly as advertised. The location is great with a few good eateries in the immediate area.  The proximity to the T system is excellent.  The neighborhood is working folks and everyone is in motion all of the time.  Because of the high traffic, I would consider this area to be generally safe.  I parked my car on the street and got a ticket on the fourth night.  $25 (cheaper than a parking garage)   I give this place a thumbs up and a positive representative of the AirBNB network.  Thanks Liam. The room description was accurate in terms of the size and basic facilities. My host Sylvia wasn't present for the stay. Unfortunately, the room itself hadn't been cleaned and I had to hoover it myself upon arrival. The bathroom was especially dirty and not at all pleasant to use. Similarly, the kitchen was very unclean and had quite limited utensils for cooking - other housemates tended to leave dishes unwashed for days at a time. The neighborhood was lively and quite conveniently situated, but the cleanliness of the apartment was a major problem. You get what you pay for and you don't pay much for this place. It is like a hostel, with several single rooms and shared bathroom. Clean, but not much else. Bed and table are shaky. Good if you're on a tight budget and just need a cheap place to crash for a night. They're strict about check-out times. First, to set the stage - I initially wrote Tom at roughly 1am on Monday, inquiring about his property for later that night through Thursday.  He had replied before I woke up at 6am - and was the only one of four people I had reached out to who was flexible enough to accommodate my impromptu work trip.  Their place was exactly as described, in a great neighborhood - and a welcome change to the normality (and expense) of life in hotels.  I will definitely be reaching out Tom first (and hopefully with more notice) for future trips to Boston.  Everything was easy and accommodating.  No complaints. Great place. Although no elevator, but don't take heavy luggage with you. Travel light. \r\nWould stay there next time The apartment was nice, the location was great...lots of places to eat, shopping, things to do.  Close to train stop.  Very nice experience.  Will stay again.  Thank you. Small yet well provided with all the necessities plus all sorts of thoughtful extras. Our hosts were friendly and helpful despite their busy schedules. Unsettled weather prevented us using the deck very much, which was a pity as it would have been a great extension to the studio. Altogether a very good stay. Howard was a great host. The apartment us located in a very nice district of Boston. Lot's of restaurants and shops. Definitely would recommend staying here. The apartment was adorable and clean. It had a great view of Fenway park and was in a fantastic location. It was a great place for us to spend the night but would not recommend for someone needing somewhere during the day. We had to leave our things in the apartment when it was not yet cleaned from the guests the night before. Great experience.  Our family trip was a disjointed one,but Lyralen and Judy made us feel welcomed and \"rolled with it!\" Room was clean and nicely prepared when we arrived. Nicole was more than helpful with all my questions about Boston. Quiet and private lockable room. Newly painted kitchen with full access to stove , microwave and refrigerator. Close to bus stop, grocery store and plenty of pubs/ restaurants. Plenty of on street parking also. My experience with Margaret was nothing short of fantastic. She was very accommodating and polite. Our flight had been delayed and we got to the house later than expected but it wasn't a problem because we were able to get hold of Margaret straight away.\r\nThe house was very clean and our rooms were incredibly laid out. She even made us breakfast in the morning and we had a lovely chat about life in Boston. Not only that but she even drove us to the station the when it was time to leave.\r\nI would definitely stay with Margaret again if I am next in Boston. It's my first experience with Airbnb and I've got to say that my stay surpassed all expectations. It was absolutely fantastic Two of us stayed at Joseph's studio for five nights in April 2015. It is well located, the Boston Public Garden is across the street and Arlington metro station is a 450m walk along the Arlington Street. Joseph is easily reachable and replies quickly.  We picked up the keys at the Taj Hotel concierge, 300m from the apartment building. Some few furnishings in the studio are different as in the pictures, but overall is the same. Nothing that will impact your stay. Internet Wi-Fi worked well. The coin laundry in the ground floor was very convenient. I would stay here again. I was a little apprehensive for my first airbnb  experience.... Staying in a private home of people I'd never met was worrisome.  Well I could not have had a more perfect first experience!  From initial text correspondence onward, Jez and Ken were exemplary hosts. Their home is beautiful. Very well appointed. They think of everything! (A welcome cookie!!). Within minutes of my arrival I felt like I was a guest in the home of friends I had known for years.  They accommodated my late arrival.... Picked me up at the airport and dropped me off at the T.   I visit Boston annually and I will always check availability here before I stay anywhere else. Bernardo was excellent - he was quick to respond to all of my questions when they arose. The apartment was charming and exactly as expected. The neighborhood is friendly, conveniently located and includes a Starbucks :) Bernardo had prepared a stack of literature on things to do in Boston, wifi information, take out menus and house rules. I would definitely stay with Bernardo again and recommend his place to boston travelers. My mom and her best friend stayed in Sean's apartment for a few days, and they enjoyed the stay. They loved the location and they knew it would be a small space so that was not a problem for them, besides it had everything they needed. They said the unit could use some minor repairs but nothing too serious. They were very happy with Sean as a host, they said they didn't have a single problem during the stay even though their English is limited! Communication from Jeff was prompt and clear. Loved renting from him. He got us a parking garage for an extra fee, which was much appreciated. Parking in Boston is an issue, and we did have difficulty when we first arrived even finding a spot to drop off our luggage in front of the building - we finally saw you could come through the alley next to the building so made a quick stop there.  The location of the apartment is perfect for sightseeing.  The apartment has central air which worked well and was appreciated, because many of the other places we were looking at did not.  We felt safe coming and going at night, and never even used the Metro even though it was very close by. We walked to the Aquarium, North End, ate at Fanieul Hall and walked the Freedom Trail, went to the movies one night, and never took our car out. There is an upscale grocery store around the corner, as well as a CVS right down the street if you need anything. \r\n\r\nThe apartment is extremely clean. It's close quarters for 4 people, the sofabed is in the same room as the kitchen, opening the sofabed fills up much of the room, and the bathroom is off the bedroom.  Jeff is very thoughtful, providing coffee, tea, umbrellas, a hair dryer, and quarters for the washing machine in the building basement. There is a small desk but no dining table - for breakfast we were able to seat our kids at the desk in the alcove, but with so many great restaurants to choose from, we ate out for the rest of the meals, so we only used the fridge, toaster, coffeemaker, dishwasher and microwave.   Would definitely stay here again if we returned to Boston, highly recommend. The bed was comfortable and the location was great. The room was also surprisingly very quiet. The room needed a good dusting and the bathroom was not the cleanest but the host had just had eye surgery the day before we arrived as well as car and computer drama so it might not have been her best week. The linens were clean and the breakfast well-presented. Nice little apartment in a great part of the city. The accommodation in Hermina's house was very comfortable and all household amenities were accessible.  I did not meet Hermina in person but we were often in communication via e-mail and phone, and she made sure that I had everything I needed.\r\n\r\nThe location is very good for travelling in and out of downtown Boston (it only takes around 15-20 minutes), and there are lots of local shops in the neighbourhood.\r\n\r\nAll in all I would recommend staying here if you want somewhere reasonable to sleep while you explore the historic city of Boston. Great experience!  Jane was really nice and the location was conveniently close to Boston College.  I would stay there again. The location is awesome!! Its just a couple of blocks from South Station, close to great restaurants, and bars and the VIEW!! couldn't have picked a better location. The Boston Tea Party Museum is close too. Alexandra's apartment is centrally located and very close to the Green Line which makes it convenient. Her apartment is newly renovated. Alexandra was easy to communicate via airbnb messaging (don't email her since she does not check it often). The room has a nice closet, towels and she even left new slippers for guests. The room is very dark at night and in the morning since the window faces another building. \r\n\r\nI do wish we would have realized ahead of time that the bed was a modified futon. The pad was thicker than your normal futon, but the back support was not all that great. My parents were actually supposed to stay here while visiting Boston and after one night we had to switch because my dad had back problems. The reservation was canceled 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The Charlestown location was beautiful and our apartment was conveniently located within walking distance to the Hop-On Hop-Off tour bus at USS Constitution, the local shops (where there was a fabulous food store called Whole Foods), and even within walking distance to Downtown Boston City. \r\n\r\nWe enjoyed the convenience of being able to do our laundry and to have meals at home if we wished, but found the apartment a little stuffy and overheated. We felt that the apartment would benefit from some de-cluttering (to make the space appear bigger) as it looked in the photos. It would also be a good idea to check the status of the provided toiletries between each new booking, as we were left with an empty bottle of body wash.\r\n\r\nMore attention to detail in cleaning would have been appreciated - the toaster oven was full of crumbs, we found some medication under the bed and we some underwear caught up in our doona cover. The linen was of poor quality and didn't reflect the description in the listing. The shower was a bit problematic as we had to climb over the spa bath wall to get into it, not an easy task for us shorties!\r\n\r\nDespite these hiccup we enjoyed our stay and found Corey helpful, friendly and attentive. Location is perfect! Only steps to Boston Common, State House, subway and downtown. Room was clean and well kept. Tiffany, the host, was also very helpful with directions and local tips upon my arrival and during the stay. Great value! The reservation was canceled 95 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host was very communicative. The accommodations were as described and comfortable. Katerina's apartment was so great! Perfect location, walking distance to star market and public transportation. Will absolutely use this place again whenever I am in Boston! For the price you cannot beat this in the Boston area.  Reasonably close to Boston, 45 minutes on T or if you take a cab it's $20 and it still takes about 30 minutes depending on traffic.  \r\n\r\nJust remember this is an AirBnB stay.  Everything is nice but it is not perfect.  It's better than the Fenway Park Howard Johnson's for quality but it is definitely not a 4 star hotel and the price is appropriately reflected.  \r\n\r\nOne issue that we'd like feedback from the host on.  There was no key to the individual rooms.  I had some items I would prefer to keep locked but there wasn't a key available.\r\n\r\nOtherwise it was a nice stay for however short it was. Kelly was so amazing and so accommodating! We had lots of changes with our plans and she was really nice and made sure we could get in and check out when we needed to. The place is nice and the location is great for going to Fenway since it's only a few minutes walk. Thanks for being such a great host, Kelly! Robert was a great host during my short stay in Boston. His place was centrally located and convenient to everything. He was very kind and attentive. I would definitely consider staying at his place in the future. Jimi's apartment is very well situated (near parks, restaurants, public transportation, etc!). It's not too big and the building is not so recent, but for Boston's standards, this is a pretty decent place and we all fell comfortable. Very nice people in the building too. The reserved parking was a big plus for us. \r\n\r\nWe didn't have the chance to meet Jimi, but he was a great host. He even left some fresh coffee beans and local beer for our use! His instructions were simple to follow and we enjoyed our stay at his place.\r\n\r\nThanks Jimi for hosting us! The reservation was canceled 24 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment is in PERFECT location and very comfortable and spacious for 3. \r\n\r\nBUT... the instructions to get there could have been clearer and the communication with the hostess better. The apartment is inside a place with some food places, and then you have to buzz to a tailor studio(3f), who opened us the door, but didn't know anything about Kimberly's place. We felt quite lost at that point. We decided to knock on another door before leaving, and the previous guests were still there, but no news about Kimberly, although we had told her in advance at what time we were arriving, and she had told us she would be there. Her friend told us later that her phone died that day, but still we have the feeling she or him could have tried to contact us by other ways to let us know in advance about it. Fantastic location in the Back Bay, close to all that the area has to offer. The unit was clean and comfortable, and the bedrooms were on opposite sides of the unit which allowed more privacy. We had a great stay and would definitely book here again!! Tia was amazing! Very attentive to your needs as a guest and overall a very nice person. Stayed there for 10 weeks and was overall a nice experience. It's in a college town so there will sometimes be noise on Thursday nights or weekends, but I was OK with my earplugs. The T stop is a few mins walk away and there is a Shaws (supermarket) close to the stop. Lots of places to eat close by too. Muffin the dog will bark at you the first times he sees you but afterwards [so long as you like animals] he'll gain your trust quickly. Lastly Tia is down to take you out sometimes, so it's all up to you and what you feel. I was very busy for most of my stay but went out a few times and left as friends. Would stay there again! We had a great stay in Lawrence's appartment! The location is perfect if you want to stay in the Beacon Hill area. It is super central yet it is not noisy. The flat itself is somewhat old and could maybe use an update, but it is clean and tidy.\r\n\r\nIt was VERY hot outside during our stay. The air conditioning kept the bedroom cold, but the living room/kitchen was quite warm. Lawrence is a nice and responsive host that quickly followed up on the questions we had. He was also very frank and allright about a water leakage issue with the air conditioning, which did not cause us any major issues for us.\r\n\r\nBe aware that you will need to pay for Wifi usage ($12 for 1GB quota - cheaper gb/rates for larger quotas). Thanks for a great stay! ken and  Jez made our first airbnb such a wonderful experience. We had a lovely room with an exceptionally comfy mattress  in their comfortable , clean  beautiful home. What set the experience apart was the warmness of Ken and Jez. We were repeatedly checked on , invited to share the living room and kitchen and to help ourselves to whatever we may want. A space was set up specifically for us with dishes, cereal, snacks and the like. We were dropped off at the t station and offered a little side trip on the way of a beautiful vantage point for viewing the city. Ken and Jez offered suggestions for Boston in a day tours and checked in later to get feedback on how our experience was.  Cookies placed in our room for a late night sweet was icing on the top of an exceptional experience.  Can you rate over 5 stars? They deserve more! Convince to both airport and public transport was a++ I was so lucky to find Becky's designers haven for my 3 days stay in Boston! not only the apartment is a rare gem, wisely renovated and crafted to be welcoming and warm, the roofdeck and backyard simply worthy a visit, subway at a 5 mins walking distance, but the people who live there are really special. Len was a great host, it happened that I got my luggage lost at the airport..and he provided me with whatever I needed, from his coat to his backpack bag! Becky,who was abroad during my visit,texted me a couple of times to know if everything was alright with me and the apt. They simply took care of me! Not to mention that she got me a special price cause one of her friends (a phenomenal chocolatier from NY) was visiting too for the weekend! Needless to say I look forward to coming back soon! Steffen is an excellent host.  He was very accomodating and pleasant and made me feel at home.  Unfortunately I didn't have enough time to talk with Steffen more or explore Allston but it is a lovely apartment in a great neighborhood. My girlfriend and I stayed in this room for a night after flying into Boston, before travelling on. Like many other visitors, we didn't meet Izzy but he responded very quickly by text when we had a question on the day, and it was nice to meet the other guests staying in the house. The room was cosy and warm despite the snow outside, and the kitchen and bathroom were clean. There is a  code access system on the front door which was very handy, and we were able to leave our luggage in the living room after we had checked out while we visited the Boston centre. Overall, really good value room. Great location that is close to the T trains and Boston Common. Lots of good restaurants and pubs. Close to many of Boston's attractions. The apartment was clean and compact but fully equipped with a comfortable bed. We always felt safe in the apartment. If we return to Boston in the future we would stay here again, if it is available. I had a good stay at this place. I did not stay in the room as shown in the figure. I stayed in some another room which he kept ready for me. The room as well as the linen were clean. He also provided a pair of towels for me to use as I did not have any. The neighborhood is in a residential area and it was peaceful. However, visitors should note that they need to share a common toilet (washroom). Fantastic room and bathroom; discreet yet charming hostess. Little touches gave it much more of a human touch than a hotel room. This was my first stay in this type of accommodation and I'd highly recommend it for anyone on their own in Boston who wants somewhere welcoming and comfortable to stay without having to pay a fortune. The airbnb experience with Izzy was fantastic. Very easy to get to location. Clean towels and good shower. Bed was comfortable. Room was perfect for our needs. We landed late in Boston due to a delayed flight but the way we were instructed to collect keys meant that this was not an issue. Would definitely stay with izzy again if flying into the city in the future. We agree with the other reviews that the place is quirky and very funky. When we arrived the heat didn't work, but Donna had someone out the next day to fix it and that was appreciated. When we requested a blender (for the marathoner in the group), she had a new one there for us. The location was indeed perfect with a small market two blocks away and a Whole Foods nearby.  Donna even provided a wheeled shopping cart. The hill where the apt. is located is pretty steep, if you are not accustomed to walking them. We found the apt. not in the good condition as other people experienced it. (Donna had some medical issues and perhaps that was the reason that detailed care had not been taken in cleaning.) We found the converted sauna (the closet), shower, and the covered hot tub (the bed) in the back bedroom just not to our liking. If anyone has issues with disabilities, this may not be the place for you: steep entry stairs with no handrail, odd step up to the back bedroom. There are no towel racks in the bathroom or near the shower. We felt the price was fair and the location was great.  On the day of our departure our flight left in the early evening and Donna graciously allowed us to stay as late as we needed. Lisa is the greatest host I ever met. She prepared breakfast for us and helped me with parking. The location is good. It is easy for you to use transportation passes. She also provides cookies and water on our bedroom. Definitely 5 star. Jose's apartment was perfect for my needs. The location is terrific; it is set far from the street and underground, so is very quiet; and Jose is an understanding and accommodating host. I stayed 4 nights and did not encounter any problems.  Unlike other guests, I found the mattress to be comfortable. I slept easily, no problem. I highly recommend! This is a great place to stay!\r\nWe spent 8 nights at the Rosenbergs, and had a very good experience.\r\nThe rooms were cosy and with a lot of space. They are located on the upper floor of the house so you have your privacy during the stay.\r\nMrs. Rosenberg took care of everything! She was more than just helpful and we felt like old friends or family members. She treated us more than just a host.\r\nThe unit includes 2 rooms, one of them with private shower and toilets. In between, there's a small living room where you can have a breakfast, which was actually supplied by the host!\r\nIf you have children- this is a very good place for you! The Rosenbergs have everything you need, including toys!\r\nThe location is good enough- just few minutes walk from the T train.\r\nFew things you should know, which are not a badfeedback but just an info:\r\nThe rooms are on the upper floor, so if you have any difficulties, you should care about this.\r\nThere is no double bad- so if you are a couple and care about it, you should be aware.\r\nFor us, it was not a big deal and we did not feel it as a disadvantage.\r\nThe bottom line- if we will return to Boston again, we would probably stay at the same place.\r\n\r\nבעברית:\r\nהמקום מאוד מומלץ. משפחת רוזנברג מארחת למופת. \r\nגב' רוזנברג עשתה עבורנו מעל ומעבר, דברים שהם מעבר למה שהייתם מצפים, ועל כן תודתנו והערכתנו.\r\nהחדרים מרווחים ונוחים, הניקיון נשמר במהלך השהות, המגבות מוחלפות לאחר מספר ימים.\r\nבין החדרים יש חלל פתוח המהווה מעין חדר אוכל לאורחים, הכולל מקרר קטן, שולחן וכסאות. גב' רוזנברג דאגה באופן קבוע לאוכל ושתיה עבורנו, גם אם לא הייתה ממש חייבת.\r\nהמיקום בסה\"כ טוב. אם אתם מחפשים דירה במרכז העיר, כמובן שזה לא המקום עבורכם, אך אם אתם מחפשים מקום מרווח, במיקום נוח ובמחיר סביר- זה המקום עבורכם.\r\nהמקום מומלץ מאוד למשפחות עם ילדים- אחד מ-2 החדרים כולל מיטות נוער ותינוק, והמון צעצועים ומשחקי ילדים.\r\n2 פרטים שחשוב שתדעו מראש, על מנת לתאם ציפיות:\r\nהחדר הזוגי כולל מיטה נפתחת ולא מיטה זוגית.\r\nהחדרים נמצאים בקומה השניה של הבית.\r\nלנו זה לא הפריע, היתרונות היון גלומים בפרטיות ובשקט שעמד לרשותנ ובמהלך השהייה.\r\nלסיכום- אם היינו חוזרים שוב לבוסטון, כנראה שהיינו מתארחים שוב אצל משפחת רוזנברג. This place is fantastic. She definitely knows how to treat her guests. Beautiful apartment with all the amenities you could want. Bedroom and bathroom was nice, clean and as described/on pictures. Interaction with the hosts Judy and Lyralen was short but very pleasant and comfortable. Coordination and communication was quick, easy and convenient. Street parking was limited but I was able to find a spot both times I needed to. Judy and Lyralen had a lot of extra conveniences (well stocked fridge, toiletries and towels). Would definitely stay again/recommend others. The place is fantastic and the host Jimi is so considerate, you can almost find everything you need in his place! Have a really good time there, definitely will be back someday! This was our first airbnb experience and to be honest: it was ambiguous.\r\nFirst i have to say that there is a lot of space, you have your private floor and they provide shampoo and soup so you don?t have to take care of those things (which is very kind and convenient).\r\nBUT there were a few strange things: you have to go through a very cluttered and dirty room to get to the private room. I don?t understand why they leave this place so cruddy...moreover the fridge in our room was full of mold. Awesome experience with Lifestyle Place is exactly as described. Loved the location. Would stay here again and again. WIFI was slow but that was easily remedied by longing into a stronger unprotected signal. Victoria and Tim's home and hosting were perfectly accommodating. Great location in quiet and lovely circle around a small park.  Just around the corner from the MBTA with little need to transfer more than once (except to/from airport). Boston is easily enjoyed on foot and the day(s) passes are a terrific value. As a host myself, I not only recommend, but look forward to staying again in Victoria and Tim's home the next time I'm in Boston. The location was perfect for walking to all the famous Boston sites. I loved that we walked down the stairs of a neighborhood building just like locals. The room was clean and comfortable with a great bed and cold AC. We would book here again in a heartbeat. After a sudden flight change that landed me in Boston, I needed a bedroom within 30 minutes of Boston Logan airport. Because of the short notice, hotel prices were outrageous. Once again, Airbnb was a lifesaver. \r\n\r\nI think this has been the best Airbnb experience yet. Amanda and her fiancé are incredible hosts; polite, kind, easy to talk to, and considerate. They provided a private room in the basement, with access to a private bathroom and shower. In the bedroom, Amanda pointed out a television with Netflix and an Apple TV, coffee and tea, and envelopes container her recommendations for local food and activities. \r\n\r\nHonestly, I wish that I could have stayed longer than one night. \r\n\r\nAlso, if you like coffee, be sure to check out Ula. They make a mean Americano, and it's right around the corner. We absolutely enjoyed our 2 nights in this perfect apartment!\r\nKasia and Adrian welcomed us at the door and showed us the apartment and provided us with all the information (wifi, door codes, directions to supermarkets, etc.) we needed when we arrived.\r\nThe apartment was lovely prepared with some fruits, coffee and milk in the fridge.\r\nWe loved having breakfast outside in the beautiful arranged garden and relaxing there in the evening after a long sightseeing day.\r\n\r\nThe Andrew t station is just a few walking minutes away and provides fast connection to the city.\r\n\r\nAll in all we had a perfect stay and would definitively stay there again! The house is clean and convenient. It is near T station and we enjoy our stay here. The only problem is that three rooms share one bathroom. Very private room. Host did not bother us at all and we were free to come and go as we wanted. Felt safe leaving belongings in the room while we were away. Location was great. We walked most places and went to Fenway for a game, which was literally around the corner, which was fantastic. Recommended. Our experience could not have been better. What a killer location to stay in- close to everything including a two minute walk to Fenway Park! Highly recommended for anyone's stay in Boston. Quiet, comfortable and in a safe neighbourhood. The space was good for what I needed. The check-in was easy and the host was quite flexible and very communicative. \r\n\r\nI hadn't realized that the bathroom was shared with several other rooms. But I didn't have any trouble. In fact, I didn't see any other guests while I was there.\r\n\r\n Location was great, right in the heart of North End. Apartment was small but clean. Advertised for 5 people, but had only room for 4.Our directions said that apartment was next door to realty where we picked up the keys. After trying to break in (unsuccessfully) into that apartment building, we called and found out that it was 4 blocks away. Steep and narrow stairs, so if any mobility issues, do not rent.  But generally all was well, a lot cheaper that 2 hotel rooms . We had an excellent experience on this apartment, we spent some wonderful days visiting Boston, and it was really comfortable for us.\r\n\r\nThe department is about 4 blocks from the airport, with a perfect location if you need to go to the airport or the subway station on foot. Everything was great.  A little hard to find in the dark but only took a few extra minutes to figure out.  The room is very quiet, except the little fridge goes on every hour or so but I'm a light sleeper.  No TV but I didn't have time to watch one.  It has a little kitchen with micro and 1 burner if you want a kitchen.  Pillows were very comfortable.  The bed is high and comfortable. I really liked the accommodations. The location is also within a very short walking distance to the Four Corners / Geneva station and so really close to downtown. I also liked the breakfast and the attention received. High recommend. Exactly as listed, and as seen in the photos provided. Great location, walking distance to everything. Silverline SL1 transit bus takes you from/to South Station and Logan airport in 20 minutes, South station being less than 5 minute walk from the apartment. \r\n\r\nIf you come from abroad, there's a T-mobile store on your way from South Station to the apartment where you can pick up SIM card for your unlocked phone. \r\n\r\nWhole Foods South End is located about three blocks south of the apartment. Clean, private room, easy parking, close to public transport to Boston. Lovely chilled out resident cat called Jake. We asked to use two bowls &amp; spoons for the cereal &amp; milk we brought with us for our breakfast. No, Carlos doesn't like guests to use his bowls or utensils so the kitchen is a no go area. It's a pity he didn't have some just for his AirBnB guests to use. Carlos was kind to allow us to have an early checkin for which we were grateful. Tiffany had a great place! She had everything arranged before our arrival and was in constant communication. The subway was only a short walk away. Would definitely consider staying again. Sidney is a very friendly host and prepared for us some fruits, water, milk etc.\r\nHis appartement is perfectly located in the southend and a good base to explore Boston by bike or foot.\r\nWe will stay at Sidneys again when we come back to Boston Jesse is a friendly and easygoing person. He responded to messages quickly and gave great, detailed directions on how to get to his place from the airport. Because of that, finding his place was fairly easy and not an issue at all. The room is big enough for two people and the bed was comfortable. \r\n\r\nNearby his place are a few Vietnamese restaurants serving delicious meals and sandwiches. These are good options for a filling meal or quick lunch just minutes away from his place or on your way to the subway line.\r\n\r\nOverall, I had a positive experience with Jesse and at his apartment! Frankly I was expecting a little bit more from this apartment. I mean it is cheap and is exactly as in the picture, but my wifi was supers low, the bathroom was quite messy and not so clean and my bed did have any linen... No air conditioning, so was super hot during the night I spend there. I mean is fine the price, but they could improve a little bit the facilities and the cleanness ;) Manuela is very accommodating. I stayed for an entire month and all of my questions and requests were always quickly and professionally addressed. The T isn't even a minute walk away and the grocery is a 3 minute walk and a T stop away. Would definitely suggest to a friend. This is a nice studio if all you need is a place to stay, nothing too fancy, so dont expect too much. Location is convenient, only steps from Green Line which will get you to most POIs near Downtown in less than 20 mins but remember to have your tickets purchased in advance. Price and location wise, this is a great place. And the host Sean, has been nice and helpful. Gillian was a wonderful host. Our flight arrived late on a Friday and she unbegrudgingly met us and gave a quick orientation session. \r\n\r\nThe lodgings were better than the listing! We were very comfortable and felt welcome. \r\n\r\nThe apartment is really close to the T and is within easy walking distance to most attractions. Although I haven't seen Robert or Jacky at all during my stay due to my busy schedule while in Boston, I could feel their hospitality in many ways: towels, guides to Boston and many more was provided and plentyful. Same for literature; they always have the book for you to read! House and rooms are also in a good state and royal indeed. Definitely recommendable to anyone who looks for a royal and affordable place in Boston! Absolutely recommend using SleepAfloat.  Never slept or been on a houseboat before.  Was a great break from staying at hotels and enjoyed the ocean breeze.      \r\n\r\nThe only thing that takes getting used to is the gentle rocking of the boat.  But that goes along with being on a houseboat.   I am complete land lover and quickly got used to the rocking. Sarah and her family are friendly and accommodating hosts! Sarah was extremely flexible in in my arrival and departure times. She and I enjoyed nice conversation over a traditional dish from her home country the first evening I arrived, and her brother even offered to make me breakfast in the days during my stay. The room is exactly as it appears in picture. The location is great for anyone visiting/attending Boston University. Only a 10 minute walk from the campus and BU Medical Center. Also, the location is great for the use of public transport. Only about 5 minute walk to local bus stop, with Dudley Station nearby. I would recommend bringing a small blanket if booking during the winter season, as the room can get a bit chilly at night. Otherwise I found the accommodations quite comfortable. I would highly recommend staying with Sarah and her family! Kathe was such a great host. She was very kind and helpful. She was also very accommodating with our very early arrival. We loved exploring the city, and the property is very close to public transportation. Thanks again, Kathe! Chris and Claire were extremely welcoming and accommodating. The room was perfect for a couple with plenty of space ans room to put our belongings. The apartment is perfectly located in the great South End neighborhood, with easy access to public transit. We would certainly stay again and recommend to others. We didn't see Roger because he was on vocation, but the lication is very convenient and close to everywhere Our one night stay was fine. While we wouldn??t have wanted to spend any more time in the apt. than necessary, it proved to be okay for our purposes, which essentially was a bed and bath for the night. The bed was fairly comfortable, but the futon/couch was far from it. My wife was a little put off by the sign near the entrance warning of rats in the alleyway, and the closet door that fell off when she touched it. I had to remind her that we were not at the Ritz, and our initial foray into Airbnb was an adventure of sorts.  My only word of caution is that people in the apt. above (this was a basement apt.) can be heard as if they are in the same room as you. This includes every footstep etc.  We were glad that we had remembered to bring along earplugs.  Overall, it was a pretty much Spartan, but adequate. Jose was very pleasant to deal with. Very welcoming! Mohammed was a great host, greeted me upon arrival. Everything a guest could need was provided. Definitely recommended! Overall it was great. I think the space could have been a bit cleaner. It was very stuffy at first and had a damp smell to it while we there. Lisa was a great host; we felt very welcome and would absolutely stay there again. It feels like a bed and breakfast or hostel, as there are multiple guest rooms. The free Charlie passes are awesome and the T is a short walk from the house. Breakfast and tea/coffee in the morning is great, too. Lisa also had a bunch of suggestions for us to make the most of our short time in Boston. Great place and very helpful/welcome host. Plenty of easy parking and great vietnamese food around the area. Would stay again if needed to. Great place especially the local neighborhood which my girlfriend and I spent a lot of time walking around. Rafael made check-in and check-out very easy! The neighborhood is absolutely lovely. The studio is located in a quiet street right in Beacon Hill, and it is within walking distance to everything. Tiffany was very helpful in making sure everything was alright with our stay, and all the basics (towels, clean sheets, dishes, utensils, etc) were provided beforehand and already there when we arrived. The studio itself is small but practical, and perfect for a vacation stay. The wifi is not the best, but fortunately there's several signals to choose from so if one is down, you can try others. The bed is on the noisy side, and can be uncomfortable if you suffer from back problems because of the springs, but it worked out fine. If I were to stay in Boston again, I'd definitely repeat my stay here. This is really fast to get downtown or to Harvard. The neighbourhood is really nice and quiet. Nevertheless we were 2 and we had to pay a  bit more for an extra person even if there was nothing to host the other person (no bed, no towel), so we had to share one small bed. The kitchen and the bathroom were not that clean. Everything was fine. it is clean and well located so it is easy to get around from here. Everytime we had questions Lauren responded to it and gave us tips (for example where to have breakfast). She was very flexible regarding check in and check out.\r\nI think for two it is absolutely perfect, for three it was still ok.\r\nAll in all we have nothing to complain! I recommend it.\r\nThanks Lauren I thoroughly enjoyed staying with Sarah and her son and brother. Sarah was a very gracious host. She even accommodated to my very early arrival.\r\nI was doing some work at the convention center and I appreciated the close proximity to the bus stop. Totally awesome affordable little place to stay.  I really enjoyed staying in the area where the studio was located. It is a little off the beaten path of the main Boston sites, but the apartment is located right near the T line, and you will be downtown in ten minutes easily. It also allowed me to explore an area of Boston I would have probably not ventured out to if I knew any better. There are some great little food and bar places near by. \r\nThe air conditioner in the room rocked! It cooled up the studio pretty quickly and I am so not use to Boston heat and humidity. The bed is comfortable. I mainly was in the room to sleep and shower and that was it., so I didn't really use anything else in the room. \r\nSean was super accommodating. He met us once we arrived. Gave us some helpful tips on the area. \r\nOverall, great place if you are on a budget! Amazing apartment!  We loved the comfy beds, linens, and great shower.  The view from the roof deck was absolutely breathtaking.   The only thing I would say is that if have difficulty with stairs, these are tough.  Especially after a cocktail and in high heels. :) Marilyn and Alan were lovely hosts. They (and their dog Jackson) made us feel welcome from the minute we walked in the door. Their house is a quick drive to Boston, which was our purpose for staying. Marilyn made the most amazing muffins for breakfast, which made the stay even more enjoyable. Marilyn and Alan's house is at the top of our list for our next Boston trip! We absolutely loved the apartment for our weekend in Boston! The location was perfect and the rooftop view was to die for! Justin was very accommodating to our travel plans and we had no issues! Would definitely recommend!!! The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Lawrence was very nice and helpful, even carrying my bag up the stairs since the building doesn't have an elevator. \r\nThe building is in the oldest part of Boston, with a lot of history and character. You don't need a car to see all the sights since the apartment is so close and Boston is such a great walking city. \r\nThe apartment itself needs a little work, but it is a safe and comfortable place to use for exploring Boston. There is no A/C, so take that into account when renting in hot and humid months. We had a wonderful time in this Cozy Apartment. The apartment was  furnished and equipped excellently. Katherine was really helpful in getting us settled in Boston since we moved to Boston and needed to find a long-term apartment. We can only recommend to book this apartment for your stay in Boston. The stay at Sarahs house war a great experience for us!! She is a very warm-hearted person and there were no problems at all! Downtown Boston can be reached by bus easily! I would always recommend it to somebody! Kama and her friend helped us with everthing and in everyway. We would stay there again and again and again. The apartment is just like the photos, perfect and easy to get to the T system. Thank you!! \r\n\r\nKama e sua amiga nos ajudaram com tudo e de todos os modos possíveis. Nós ficaríamos lá várias e várias vezes. O apartamento é exatamente como nas fotos, perfeito. Além disso é muito fácil chegar no sistema de metrô. Muito obrigada por tudo!! I definitely recommend staying at Helen's studio if you're visiting the city for a few days. Perfect location if you're going to a game at Fenway and a short walk to other cool neighborhoods, restaurants, bars, etc. Helen was really nice, informative, and responsive during our stay. She even prepared a welcome basket of snacks and toiletries for us. Mj's apartment is amazing and in a great location to get around Boston. Easy key hand off, and the apartment was clean and had everything we needed for our time there. Beautiful balcony overlooking the seaport area and the water. The apartment has lots of natural light so if you're trying to sleep in late it will be a bit difficult. Would book again! Maria Elena went out of her way to accommodate us when snowstorm Janus hit and we weren't sure we could fly out as scheduled...She connects with her guests on a very personal level.  We love staying in the private apartment in her home.  It's in a terrific location.  Judging by how often it is rented, we can see many other people feel the same.  Thank you, Maria Elena. ?Hasta la próxima! There was plenty of contact from tiffany both before and during our stay. We felt tiffany would have sorted out any problems if we had any. \r\nHouse description was spot on. \r\nNeighbourhood was residential and had short walks to local amenities. I chose to stay here for nearly one week. Apparently it is a nice place to stay. Joe is the epitome of a good host.  His communication was great and although we were running late, he was patiently waiting for us upon our arrival.  Joe helped us unload our things, then kindly drove around the neighborhood with me as we searched for parking.  The location of the apartment is amazing.  Nestled in a quaint and quiet little neighborhood, just a couple blocks from Bunker Hill, the place is also only a 15 minute walk or ferry ride to the lively North End.  Joe provided us with eggs, fruit, orange juice, milk, water and bagels.  I know where we'll be staying the next time we come to Boston. We had a great time in Boston and our stay at Tiffany's contributed to that. She's a very nice and welcoming host. She had some good suggestions for things to do and nice restaurants to eat. She always responded very quickly to our messages and was very flexible when it came to checking out (our flight was late in the evening). Orchid is very easy to transact with. The apartment is in a great location and the room is clean. There are plenty of bars and places to eat around. I felt at home immediately. It's a great place to stay indeed. The home is complete with living, dining and kitchen and even a cute and private deck. Lots of beautiful art pieces and the location is serene and peaceful, yet it's within the city. Interesting restaurants around the neighborhood, and I can easily take a subway or bus to downtown or Medical Centers. Beverly has been a wonderful and generous host - you cannot ask for more! Definitely will come back to this condo, for future trips. Amazing host, great communication! Apartment was exactly as advertised,  Brie Ana went above and beyond! The room suited what I just needed for my short 3 nights trip to Boston. Soledad was very gracious and accommodating during my whole stay. She stayed up late to wait for my arrival which was in wee hour. Soledad was very helpful and was ready to answer all my question regarding which best transportation for specific areas. The place is just 10-12 minutes walk from the T station and was just 3 minutes walk to the bus stop going to Harvard. The place was close to everything. I also did not mind walking around the area late at night because it was a safe neighborhood. If you are looking for a place that is safe and close to everything and neat/clean this is the place for you to stay. We had a great experience staying here.  Jane could not have been any more warm, welcoming or accommodating.  She checked in with us several times before we arrived to ensure we had not run into any problems and offered to meet us somewhere so that we would not have any trouble finding the place.  We traveled to Boston to tour several colleges and found this an ideal location. Joe was very accommodating to our early check in and had the house ready upon our arrival. He was present and somewhat informative about the area. Joe has graciously stocked the fridge with eggs and milk and had also purchased bagels and bananas for us. The house is located in a charming neighborhood, easily accessible by subway and within walking distance of the Navy Yard, Cambridge and the North End. However, the experience only gets one star. The unit was dirty. The blankets and quilt were stained. The microwave had not been cleaned prior to our arrival and had food splattered about. We were not informed that the heat had been turned off and thus were unpleasantly surprised when the temperature dropped to 60 degrees during the night, with no way for us to control the temperature in the unit. Jianmin is very friendly and helpful. He is a really good host. \r\nThe room is big with a queen sized bed (140x200cm), a fridge, a couch and your own bath with direct connection to the room. However the last persons stay was still visible and you do not get any light from outside as the 4-5 windows have closed blinds which you cannot reach through the plastic warp over the window.  The room itself is in a beautiful and old house (unfortunately a lot of things are just everywhere standing around).  \r\nIn the morning you get breakfast with coffee, orange juice, fruits, toats, oatmeal etc. and you can go outside into a really beautiful area with old buildings and trees. To get to Boston is a little more problematic but if you have a car or bike you can get in 15 mins (car) to the train station \"Chestnut Hill\"  where you can park for free. It was everything we need! Thanks for the great stay ;) The location is perfect but it is a 4th floor walk up with only a/c in the sleeping nook.....it needs a little elbow grease to give it a nice clean shine. Bed needs a new comforter and some new pillows. It served its purpose but if the weather was any hotter it would be a little unbearable to hangout it the apartment. Helpful host. Apartment in good location. We spent 4 nights here in late September before taking the train to New York. The apartment location is amazing. Located on a quaint street lined with brownstones. At the end of the block is a walking bridge over to the Charles riverside park and paths. Also at the end of the block is a bike rental station. We ran and walked along the river and went all over the city without hardly ever taking a cab. Boston is vey accessible. Also just a 5 minute walk is Charles street at the bottom of Beacon hill lined with restaurants and a great market, and in the other direction is the famous Newbury street. The apartment was lovely and comfortable. We will definitely be back. Thanks Nicole! Sarah is a very friendly, welcoming, smiling host. She left me to 'do my own thing' but was helpful when needed. The room was lovely! Transport to downtown Boston is very close. Afiyah was so great, very layed back, and showed us around her home.\r\nWonderful bedroom, and the location is perfect, next to the airport.\r\nShe also had breakfast all set up, and we could come and go as we pleased.\r\nI would highly recommend their home! Tyree is a super friendly, welcoming host! The studio is really nice, we've got everything that we could possibly need and lots of kitchen stuff more! She saved our breakfast by having milk and water in the fridge for us :-) \r\nFor fellow travellers: Getting around in Boston - for us the easiest way was with bus and bike! (hubway) Driving is ok, but parking downtown is a real task!\r\nThanks again Tyree for a lovely stay! Tell others in the Airbnb community about your stay. The Wirth's were great hosts and the Studio apartment was very well equipped for our stay in the Boston Area.  It is a very convenient location, within walking distance of the \"T\" and several local shops.  We hope it will be available when we return to Boston as we would stay there again! If you need a place close to the airport to crash just for a night it is a good location. The A/C only worked in the larger BR but after talking to Shawn about this he reduced our rate and was very easy to work with. We felt very welcome and our stay was equally pleasant. Me and my girlfriend stayed at Owen?s apartment for almost a week, and loved it. It stays in a great Boston neighborhood, surrounded by italian restaurants and Oyster bars.  In addition, Owen left us chalk boards with his favourite restaurants around, and directions to the nearest CVS and the subway. The pictures are \"for real\", and the apartment is big and comfy. Nice bedroom, nice bathroom , plenty of space. Highly recommended! Amazing stay at a wonderfully appointed, two-story apartment within walking distance to many of the more historic attractions Boston has to offer.  Ed couldn't have been a more generous host and our experience couldn't have been better. We stayed at Helens place in JP mid July 2015.We want to thank Helen for her warm hospitality during our stay.The charming house fulfilled all our expectations, nestled in a tree-lined suburb close to shops, parks and the train station. The surprise daily breakfast treats of croissants and muffins, along with fresh fruit and the coffee maker made our stay even more satifying.We would recommend Helens place, to any (website hidden) is exactly like it is on site. The room and home were exactly as listed- exceptionally clean and welcoming. Carolyn was a fantastic host, going out of her way to make sure we had a lovely stay. This location was perfect for our visit.  Sean was very accommodating with our early arrival.  The apartment had everything that we needed for our weekend stay.  My daughter thought the pull-out bed was very comfortable as well.  He was responsive to our communication before, during and after our stays.  And - his kids are adorable! ;) Sally and Bruce were very friendly. Sally gave us lots of directions and additionally they left in our bedroon many brochures and a guide with information about Boston. They answered anything we asked and also recommended places to eat in the neighborhood. They also lent us a Charlie card so that the trips by bus and metro were cheaper. The bedroom was clean and we had access to the kitchen and the rest of the house. If you're looking for a place near the city centre, maybe this is not best right location, but if you're looking for a nice and friendly stay, then this is the right place. \r\nSpecial mention should also be made about Darwin, the house cat, who basically is the boss!. The room is good value, basic but has all that is needed and is clean. The check-in is well organised and the host was easy to contact. The area is a suburb, but the blue T line gets you downtown quickly, with only few stops. I felt safe and the area has cheerful shops and restaurants with food from around the world. If I am again in Boston and require budget accommodation, I would love to be your guest again. Highly recommend. We had a fantastic stay in Boston in this house.  The house was lovely, the neighbourhood nice, there were convenient restaurants / food shops close by and to get downtown it was only a couple of stops on the red line.  Tiffany??s guest guide had everything we needed and throughout the booking / stay she was great. Gustavo was very good and quick at communicating with me which helped the experience.  Upon arrival there were a couple of miscues out of Gustavo's hands that he tried to remedy quickly.  The location was great and easily within walking distance to the Fenway area and the roommates were all quiet and accommodating. The reservation was canceled 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Beautiful apartment with a perfect location. This place is in a great location, walking distance to Fenway and the Museum of Fine Arts, as well as close to the T to get to other areas of the city. \r\n\r\nJimi was responsive via email and gave really clear instructions on how to access the building, park, etc. nice district and nice house. It's a bit far from the center but you can quickly get into Boston any time. Jeff is very kind, I would recomend him and his apartment. We had a nice time here! Thanks Marian quickly responded all of my questions prior to my visit to Boston for the marathon and wished me good luck in the race! She went out of her way to ensure the house was prepared for my family's visit and left two contact numbers to call if we needed anything. Jamaica Plain is a little outside of the city, but Marian's house is not terribly far from a T station, which was perfect for commuting into Boston. My family felt like we were staying in a home away from home and are grateful for everything Marian did to make our stay as nice as possible. Sophia was a great host, everything was as described and she gave us a lot of privacy. She was also accessible if we needed anything. She left great notes on where to go in Boston and around her neighborhood. Really lovely room is the most amazing house! Robert and Jackie were full of helpful information and suggestions, the location is wonderful (walking distance to practically everything!) and I wish I'd been able to stay longer. No fuss stay in a great area with very convenient access to transit.\r\n\r\nThis particular space is huge--has a queen bed and king bed and small couch. Could sleep lots of people. \r\n\r\nThere are several rooms in this house, but each has its own lock. With 2.5 bathrooms and a miniature sort of kitchen area downstairs (fridge/microwave), so not too much competition for these things.\r\n\r\nFor the money, you probably won't get more space with less fuss. My partner and our sixteen-year-old daughter had a magnificent stay at the Carney's Harbor View.  Fabulous location, spotless bathrooms, a welcoming home with lots of space for socializing, privacy for sleeping, as well as fresh coffee and muffins in the morning. All aspects were beyond expectation and delightful hosts to boot make this AirBnB a top experience.  I know we will tell everyone we know going to Boston that this is the place to stay! I only stayed one night; however, the house was nice, secure (always locked, stuff felt safe), community around the house is down to earth--I highly recommend the pizza place just down the street. House feels warm and homelike, the T is just a couple minute walk away and thus making where you stay central to anywhere you want to go!! Hermina was gone while I was there, but she put me in contact with her friend who was very kind and wanted to make sure I had a good time while there. One night is not enough to enjoy all that Boston has to offer, not by far... so I plan on coming back very soon and plan on making this where I will stay. Brandon is a perfect host. His house is so clean and the room is perfect. House is close to the T line. I highly recommend this place and if I ever go to Boston again I will definitely stay here. This is a wonderful apartment, in a great location. I travel to Boston regularly for business and my normal hotel was booked - as were most of the hotels in the area. Yoshikas?? apartment was an excellent alternative, and far more comfortable than a hotel.\r\n\r\nAlthough I only stayed 3 nights, but would have been comfortable for a much longer stay. The apartments amenities were ver good, and made for a relaxing and enjoyable trip.\r\n\r\nThanks again Yoshika! The location of the flat is well described, it's right on Beacon Hill, nearby everything. There's a Whole Foods, the Common Park, Charles St, etc.\r\nWe got there 2 hours after the check-in, but the room had not been cleaned yet. Christopher quickly made sure that someone was coming to clean up. The parking is impossible on Beacon Hill, that would have been nice to know before, it's a small tip on the neighbourhood but pretty useful. The AC is located in the bathroom, behind the door. We turned it off because it was either blocked by the door or only cooling the bathroom. \r\nI would say the flat is nice, a little smaller than what I expected. It is cozy for a couple of days, but I wouldn't stay there longer. Antoinette &amp; Louis were perfect hosts, welcoming and nothing too much trouble.  Description of house, room, and neighbourhood were accurate, and all were excellent. It was the best Air BandB accommodation we have found, and we recommend it very highly.  It is out of the City Centre, but we found the 10 minute walk to the T Line interesting and safe even late in the evening. We find that to stay in a 'proper neighbourhood' and trip in and out of City sights is for us the most enjoyable way. Great stay here in Boston. The room is small but quirky, and the double bed on the floor is comfortable. I liked the decor and felt like an architect for a night. The room is a steal especially for a weekend, would definitely come here again. From beginning to the end Jazz made us feel very much at home. The apartment is located in a highly accessible part of the city with easy access to many landmarks and mass transit stations. As described, the room is well maintained, the apartment is contemporary and clean and the host did an amazing job making us feel welcomed. Robert was a great host, really kind person and he knows everything  you need to know about Boston!\r\n\r\nBeautiful-old-typical-Boston house, in a great (email hidden)st of the tourist spots are less than 20 minutes by walking, 3 minutes walking from Back Bay station..what else?\r\n\r\nI got a bigger room than the one expected, lot of space (probably the only one without book :p), it was clean and comfortable, same for the bathroom. I stayed only one night but it would have been perfect for a week too.\r\n\r\nNothing else to add, I really recommend Robert's place! The Zhang family made my first experience with AirBNB amazing ! They did more than make us feel at home , they were the definition of a true host. Met us at the front door and immediatly sat us down and offered us drinks. We arrived later than expected but there was no issue . The rooms offered were decorated and cozy, and te bathroom had all necessities ! They even had options for what to eat for breakfast. I couldn't be more pleased with our stay here . We hope to see them again soon! A quiet mini flat with a private entrance, off street parking, public transport and village style dining nearby. Close to MIT, Harvard, Boston College and Boston University and the CBD is only 30 mins away. A real gem in such a busy city.\r\nHosts Deepti and Michael are engaging and helpful. They are available if required but leave you to your own space.\r\nI had two stays separated by a long weekend. \r\nPerfect after a 24 hr trip from Australia. I just stayed at Kim's adorable apartment for 4 days. Kim was a great host, as everyone else has said. She responds to questions quickly and made my whole trip a lot easier. The location of the apartment is in walking distance to tons of great stuff. It's a true Boston experience! The cottage was very cozy. It's at a convenient yet reclusive location. My favorite part was the dining booth that looks out to the back yard. Rosales was an excellent host! Very helpful once I had booked with her, providing detailed and prompt answers to all my questions. Staying with her was very comfortable and she went out of her way to ensure that I had everything I needed including medicine for a cold. I'd definitely stay with her were I to visit Boston again. Thank you! Bernie was a gracious host and very detailed with my accommodations and the area. The room was clean and had everything anyone could need while away from home. The views were indeed lovely, wish I had more time to spend on the roof! Bernie was great in communicating everything and setting everything up. Fabulous location and arranging with the owners was seamless and easy. The apt was spotless and the bed is really comfortable.  The only thing to be aware of is that the apt is first floor in an alley and I wasn't comfortable leaving blinds/windows open so it's pretty dark feeling - but we weren't there much and I would certainly recommend it. The location was great, the apartment was cozy, and the mattress was pretty comfortable. \r\n\r\nThe lock was a bit tricky at first..but the directions were clear in how to get it opened.  Parking was an issue but we used a nearby garage on Somerset for $37 a day.\r\n\r\nI would give my experience a 3.5 out of 5.  - 1 star because the bed slats were broken, fell off the frame twice, and scared the crap out of us in the middle of the night.  Another -.5 star because there were dirty dishes in the sink  when I got there, which I ended up cleaning myself. The Carney Family has a beautiful home, offer fresh muffins and coffee in the morning and made us feel like family friends in for a visit. The room was large and bright and the bed was comfy. The house is a short walk to the red line T, which basically connects you to the major sights in Boston. We loved our stay! Fantastic experience. Rooftop patio was awesome. Short walk to convention center and waterfront area. Thanks to Luis for helping to make our stay in Boston great! The six days flew by and were filled with activity so it was a relief to have such a convenient location to come back to each night. The apartment is a short walk to the nearest T station, grocery market, Fenway Park, and the restaurants/bars surrounding the park. Luis was very flexible with the check-in and check-out times too which was helpful as our flights were at odd times. Lovely apartment in a great location in Boston, within walking distance of the Prudential Center and Fenway Park. Everything was clean and the place was kitted out with everything you need for a short stay.\r\n\r\nExcellent communication from Will, he responded to all my advance queries and ensured we had all the required information. \r\n\r\nHighly recommended. Thanks! Damon's place is cozy and in a great location! It's very close to downtown Boston and within walking distance to several restaurants and stores. The added bonus is that my girls loved staying in the bunk bed and all of the kid's toys. Damon was also very responsive with all of my questions. We would definitely stay here again! Perfect! the location of Kim's place was fantastic. Just around the corner from the Boston Public Library, Trinity Church, shopping on Newbury, the Green line T... the list goes on.\r\n\r\nThe apartment was clean and quiet and Kim went well beyond the minimal requirements, providing food and drink, towels, bathrobes, amenities and more to make the stay feel like home.\r\n\r\nI will definitely stay here again when visiting Boston. I stayed with Duane while on a two-month clinical rotation and his living arrangement fit my needs perfectly. Duane's place is pretty much exactly how his description on here says. He is very quick to share information about goings-on around Boston and is very knowledgeable of the surrounding area and getting around. He will bend over backwards to make your stay a welcome one and even throws in a never-ending supply of freshly baked bread to boot! The neighborhood is nice and quiet and very culturally diverse. There are a few bus routes that routinely stop by at nearby locations that can take you to the Forest Hills train stop. Duane can give you more information about the routes to and from Roslindale and may even assist you in getting around as he did with me a few times. I highly recommend at least contacting him and seeing if he's the right fit for your stay in Boston, but be quick because it appears that he has quite a popular place! My colleague stayed at Robert's place. It was in a very nice neighbourhood and a close walk to the conference we were attending. Robert greeted us and made sure my colleague had a comfortable stay! My mom and I visited Boston and had the pleasure of staying at Andrew's apartment. This AirBnB experience was the best and most professional AirBnB experience I've ever had. Andrew and his girlfriend, Julia, were prompt, welcoming, and really just had it together. The apartment was centrally located, beautifully decorated, and very comfortable. We really couldn't have found a better place to stay! My mom and I were very impressed with both the accommodation and the professionalism of our stay. Neither Ben or his assistant Corey were able to meet us, as we were severely delayed by train from Philly. However, Corey was very helpful over the phone, and made sure we had no problems accessing the apartment. The place is clean and in decent shape, but feels more like budget motel than an airbnb experience. Mary Kate gave us excellent directions to the apartment, and she even stayed to greet us, despite our flight being delayed. She was immediately welcoming and told us the essentials, including some great tips about the neighbourhood. The apartment suited our needs and was just like it is in the photos, and Mary Kate was kind enough to leave us fruit, water and coffee/tea. The only negatives we found were the lack of a toaster/grill - with us not being the kind to have cooked breakfasts every day, this left us with just cereal. You also hear a lot of noise from people walking around in the apartment above, and we noticed people using the washing machine at 11.30pm which is just outside the apartment's back door so you can hear it quite loudly! \r\n\r\nJamaica Plains is a very quiet neighbourhood, and if I'm honest, perhaps a little too quiet for what we wanted. That being said we had one of our best meals on the holiday at Tres Gatos, a brilliant tapas bar (where you must order the tortilla!) which is about a 15 minute walk away, thanks again to Mary Kate for recommending it. Whole Foods and the main shops are a good 15-20 min walk, and there's City Feed, a great little shop where you can pick up essentials and more about 5/10 mins away. Don't use the corner shop at the end of the road - we went once and everything we bought was out of date!! There are some great places at the local brewery, but unless we had been told about it we probably would have missed it! Jamaica Plains is a lovely quiet place to stay, but remember it is about 15-20 mins on the subway into downtown Boston which can become a bit tiresome when you have to make that journey over and over again. Having the subway station a mere 2 minute walk from the apartment is fantastic, though you can also hear it there too, but it didn't bother us too much. \r\n\r\nWe had a great time in Boston, and Mary Kate and Javier's apartment served us well, and is exactly as described. I'd definitely recommend it if you're after a quiet place away from the bustle of the city. initially, it took several different AirBnB requests (and then denials from other advertised units), before we requested George's unit. a\r\nGeorge communicated with us on our needs and he worked his schedule and kindly accommodated us.\r\nThe apartment is as advertised. In fact it seemed larger than what I expected. \r\nWe did not have a car (arrived by air). The apartment is well located for mass transit (a bus stop is directly across the street, runs every 20 min, then 5 or so minutes to Broadway Station and RED Line Subway connection). so was easy breezy to get around Boston.\r\nThere is good security and good elevator system. We felt very safe there. \r\nThere is a grocery store about 10 minute walk away.\r\nThere are good family run cafes / restaurants just walking close by. We enjoyed the 'Hidden Kitchen' sandwich shop just across the street.  \r\nI am very picky on noise levels, and even tho the apartment is near a major highway/busy street. The noise level did not bother me either during the day or night.    \r\nWe liked the nice modern kitchen, good WIFI and a TV system with lots of choices. \r\n\r\n Ari was a very hospitable host.   He was very helpful in getting us oriented to Boston.  He was friendly but not intrusive. The location is great!  It is just around the corner from the bus and a short walk from the train/subway. Thanks Ari, for a wonderful week. The place is well located; easy access to metro, Fenway, stores and dining . The bed was really comfortable. My stay was quiet and comfortable, with no issues that make it the slightest bit un-recommendable.   Great little desk, hanger, lights, 4 windows, bed and little heater to adjust my own weather if I so desired. \r\n\r\n Three friends and I had a great experience staying in Nancy's apartment. Nancy was very friendly and accommodating, and even gave us a quick tour of the city while giving us a ride to the apartment. She communicates promptly and provided us with suggestions on how to spend our few days in Boston. \r\n\r\nThe apartment is in a great area within reasonable walking distance of many of Boston's main attractions. It is simple yet clean, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend. Right smack dab in the middle of Historic Beacon Hill. Parked the car in the Boston Commons garage and never once needed it for 4 days.  Everything is walk-able.  Excellent restaurants throughout the neighborhood. \r\nWe texted Larry when we were a 1/2 hour out, and he met us at the door.  He's quick to respond to any texts.  \r\n The appartment was spacious and clean. There's one bedroom, a bathroom and a livingroom with a small kitchenette all for yourself. Unfortunately the fridge was not working during our stay but Evy was trying to resolve this issue. With 2 large beds and 1 small bed therevis enough space for 5 persons.\r\nCommunicaton with Evy was good and the tips she gave were a great help. We enjoyed our stay in Boston and the appartment. I decided on very short notice to stay in Charleston to visit a friend for a couple of days. Rosalia was quick to respond and very easy going. When I arrived, Rosalia was very welcoming and we talked about this and that. Overall, the stay was a very pleasant experience and the apartment and room were clean, just as I expected after reading all the positive previous reviews. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Charleston. This place looked exactly as in the pictures. It's true that it is a basement suit but I heard very little noise from above. It was clean, the bed was comfortable, and there were all of the amenities one needs when living (and cooking) away from home. The location was great. Key pickup and drop off was simple and easy. I'd recommend it for a simple uncomplicated easy stay in the city. Tiffany is a grad host. She answers every question and tries to help. The place is awesome. Great location and close to the historic sights. Almost everything is in walking distance. I loved the area of Beacon Hill and would always stay here again. The bathrooms were always clean and I barely saw anybody else. I definitely recommend to stay here. The whole stay and communications arrangements proceeding were so professional and the apartment was just as described.  The location is excellent, on a nice quiet street. Would recommend without hesitation. An pleasant experience overall: a shared apartment spanning 3 floors and some 6 rooms total.\r\nAn flight of stairs may scare you 91st an beginning, but an conveniently located from the Squares and an big room for a nights stay. David's apartment is awesome. Super central, massive space and David was really responsive to any questions we had during our stay. Gavin's studio was great! The room had everything we needed. It was very clean. Did not have a problem with noise and his instructions for everything were right on point. A+ We had a wonderful time at Justin and Heidi's home. They have a beautiful view with rooftop dining, and are located super close to North End. They were very accommodating, left us a basket full of treats and were easy to contact and quick to respond. We are looking forward to our next trip to Boston and hope to be welcomed back to their Super-fun, Marvel-lous, Wonder-ful home. Courtney! Your place was beautiful and my cast was very pleased with their stay.  Thank you again for accommodating my special request.  The filming went swimmingly! This place was a great location and perfect fit for our two day stay. It was simple, had everything we needed, and was walking distance to everything. Jason was very helpful and accommodating. We relocated to Boston from California and stayed with Duane for an entire month so that we could find a place to call our own. The apartment is older but very well maintained and very clean. The bathroom was shared  with other tenants but we did not find it inconveniencing since there was no conflict in shower scheduling. \r\n\r\nAs described by other reviewers, Duane is a most gracious host that will go out of his way to make his guests feel welcome and at home. He got up at the same time as we did in order to prepare breakfast and he took me to the laundry place and the grocery store when we did not have our car available.\r\n\r\nAlso, the house is located close to public transportation - which is very very convenient.\r\n Victor was great about getting back in touch quickly to answer any questions.  Everything was nice, neat &amp; clean plus he had coffee, beer &amp; wine waiting for us - what's not to like?  The area is very close to the T &amp; an easy ride into Boston.  The immediate vicinity is safe with plenty of restaurants, bars &amp; little stores.  I would definitely stay here again if I made my way back to Boston. Andree was great, and so was the room. Enjoyed a beautiful shower, stocked with fragrance-free shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel (a big plus for me, since I'm sensitive to scents.). \r\n\r\nAndree was welcoming and helpful, and even cooked me dinner while we sat out the \"superstorm\" Sandy. \r\n\r\nI'd definitely come back, and recommend this place to others. 3 So I will begin with the 2 positive thoughts Great location and Eddy was great( Ahmed's Assitant)\r\nWith that being said I would never stay here again. The room was in total construction mode and I was made aware of this the day I arrived even though I booked months ago. The light fixture was dangling, open holes everywhere, dust and debris covered the whole kitchen which made it unusable. I am shocked that Airbnb allows this place to be a representation of them. Ahmed could've notified me ahead of time as I would have prefer to pay more and stay some where else. I also asked if this place had been inspected for asbestos to which I never received an answer. Further more, I will be filing a complaint with the city of Boston as I'm sure they would like to know that city code is being ignored. Ariel's description of her apartment was very accurate. The 2BR condo was warm, inviting, clean and in a fantastic part of Jamaica Plain. All of the check-in/check-out logistics worked seamlessly. While \"as advertised\" is a bit of a boring response, it's exactly what we hope for all AirBNB rentals. Upon arrival Eugene welcomed us to the house and showed us around. The house was clean and just the way it was described. A few bottles of cold bier and water were waiting for us in the fridge. Perfect location to explore Cambridge and Boston areas. The reservation was canceled 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Wendy's apartment was just perfect for what we needed! Plenty of space for me and my three friends to hang out while visiting boston. The diacription and pictures accurately represent the space!\r\nThe porch off the back was great and having an off street parking spot gave us the comfort to rely on public transportation. Nice apartment in an amazing location. Alishya hospitality is very good. Our little boy has enjoyed a lot playing with her two cats. Amazing location, clean, and true to photos.  If you're not a big fan of steep stairs, I would not recommend this apartment, however, I was very happy to stay here and call the North End home for our trip to Boston.  We were literally steps from the Old North Church and were able to soak in a neighborhood full of great food and smells that other tourists typically only spend a few hours in.  We were also about a ten minute walk to two different T stops and blocks from the water and historical sites.   \r\n\r\nThe apartment was quiet and equipped with an air conditioning unit that kept the bedroom cool at night.  My one gripe is that both the faucet in the kitchen and bathroom shower needed to be dipped in CLR or something as both kind of sprayed in the wrong directions (the kitchen faucet sprayed out onto the counter and the bathroom shower head seemed to spray in all directions except for on your head).  These were really minimal issues though, just feedback for the future.\r\n\r\nCheck in/check out was easy as was communication with the hosts.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat! Great location, quiet street, nice studio apartment, would recommend it and would stay there next time in Boston. Owners were kind enough to wait and hand over the keys as my flight was late. Donna was a great host and I would recommend going there any time. The flat has all the listed amenities and is more spacious than the impression given by the pictures. The location is well-connected to public transport (the choice of 3 green T lines made it easy to travel) and there is a large health food store nearby. Elena was accommodating and quick in communications. We had a comfortable stay! I don't think you can get much closer to  Harvard Yard and the Residential Houses than with Ana's apartment. Perfect for this visiting parent and people coming in for interviews. Ana was very fast in responding to my questions. When I arrived, she met me to give me the key and a mini-tour- use of a computer with wifi, kitchen facilities and coffee press. The guest room is very spacious and clean with a double bed, small couch, dining/worktable and chairs. The shared bathroom and kitchen are small as expected but very clean and Ana provided a coffee press, towel, and shampoo.  Even though I didn't see Ana again after that initial meeting, she texted each day to ask if I needed anything and gave me tips on where to find what I needed. When my departing flight was in danger of being canceled due to weather, she invited me to stay another night without charge if I needed to- super thoughtful. Fortunately my plane got out just in time. I will definitely book with her again if I return to Harvard. Meghan's apartment was very clean and just as pictured. We felt welcomed right away with her bedside note and coffee in the morning. We did not spend enough time in the apartment, although it was beautiful and very comfortable.  It was our first time in Boston and the train station was no more than 10 mins walk away. Along the way to there is also a little cafe and bakery that supplied our treats on the run. Would definitely stay here again! Good location. Convenient to anywhere. The room D is big enough. The kitchen is big and equipped with all the things that need. But the room and the shared bathroom could be made more clean. Staying at the Grand Colonial was a mixed experience. The owner was incredibly helpful in getting us set up and helping us with all of our questions and access. The home itself was a little hard to get comfortable in considering there was no real space to relax (or at least no comfortable space) and the heating situation was hard to manage. But, we love the neighborhood and appreciated our time in Boston. We had a great stay at John's place. Everything was clean and tidy, and as we were expecting based on the pictures. There are some services around on Center St, which was nice. There was a coffee for for example, called El Record, that made excellent lattes!\r\n\r\nOverall great experience, if we go back to Boston and have a chance to reserve John's place again, we would!\r\n\r\nThank you to the hosts As a first experience of Airbnb, staying at Sid's place in Boston was a great one. \r\n\r\nThe studio is set down a courtyard and is very private in the lovely neighbourhood of South End (plenty of great restaurants and bars on Tremont Street) and provided a great base from which to explore the city. The studio was tidy, clean and came with a very comfy bed. There was no air con, but opening the windows and the powerful fan ensured the studio could be cooled down quickly. I only saw Sid on check in although he did mention that he was on email for any issues or questions that we had which was reassuring. We had a train to catch from Back Bay and staying here meant we only had a 10-15 minute walk to the station. There are plenty of buses to the studio itself and getting the 'T' proved easy too.\r\n\r\nThe refrigerator was a little noisy, chuntering into life every half an hour or so. It was fine for this deep sleeper and it didn't wake me up,  but for a lighter sleeper I would recommend ear plugs. Very convenient location in the heart of the north end.\r\nAnthony was very welcoming and helpful.\r\nThe apartment was roomy but maybe a little dirty. I suppose you can ask the Red Sox to set up a cot inside the Green Monster. Other than that, though, it's hard to imagine someplace more convenient to Fenway Park. The apartment is clean, quiet, and secure, and absolutely in the epicenter of Red Sox Nation. I was there for four games, and could not believe how convenient it was -- door-to-door, it's about 4 minutes to Fenway. And if you're not going to the game, the park still makes a great vista to enjoy from the roof deck. Kenmore Square is full of restaurants and nightlife, and there's a Starbucks for the morning, too. And Naomi couldn't be more accommodating. I get to Boston once or twice a year for Red Sox games, and can't remember a setup better than this one. They were very welcoming, provided delightful breakfast, and the pleasure of their company. Our stay with Gary was a great experience. Everything in the apartment was exactly as on the pictures. It was clean and it was big enough to host our family of 4. Gary had left a bottle of wine and brochures of what to see while in Boston when we arrived. We found this to be  a very nice gesture. \r\nGary responded fast to the few questions we had during our stay and in generel the communication  before our stay and during our stay was very accurate and informative. \r\nWe would definately recommend staying at Gary?s place. Apartment was exactly as described and host was very accommodating and flexible. The stuffed bear was a gentleman. Katherine was a very gracious host and was there to greet me and see that I had everything I needed. Her place was exactly as described and is in a fun section of Allston. I recommend her to anyone looking to stay in that area of the city. Johnathan was the most gracious host and was available upon arrival.  He certainly made me feeling comfortable and welcome.  The pictures of the  location were exactly as they were upon arrival.  I would definitely go back on my next trip to Boston. I interacted mostly with Matt, Jason's roommate. I had a very pleasant stay, both Matt and Jason are very friendly and made me feel very welcome. On my way out Jason gave me a ride to the T. I would stay there again. Izzy was nowhere to be seen during my whole (short) stay, but the directions I received showed me the right way and the house housed everything I needed, including two lovely roommates and a more than friendly, helpful and welcoming brother of Izzy. Lacking in day to day items. Not many cooking utensils. No information on the area about shops &amp; so forth. A little out of the way. \r\nBeds were uncomfortable My stay there was great. It's easy to get there by Boston transportation, and would definitely stay there again. Casey was out when we came, but she helped us with finding a restraurant and she made the amenities and the house accessible. The room was very comfortable, as was the rest of the house. It pains me to say this but the only positive things from this experience were location and communication. The south end is very convenient and beautiful and the response time was great. \r\nUnfortunately, everything else left much to be desired. When we arrived after an 8 hour drive, within one hour, we were disturbed twice by someone there to \"show\" the place. The man was very friendly and apologetic about it but it was not the best way to start a trip when you're trying to nap. \r\nThe walls are made of...paper? The three nights we spent were soundtracked by a man with a constant cough, spitting up phlegm so loud that we had to use our computer to download relaxation music to drown out the sound at night in order to sleep (which was not restful because the bed is uncomfortable). You can hear EVERYTHING (I mean everything) through these walls as though it's all in your room. We had to take very short showers because the drain wouldn't drain so within a few minutes the bottom had filled with water to your ankles. Not cool. Perhaps I should've read a bit more closely, but typically through an airbnb, something is provided like soap in the shower, or mini shampoo or conditioner bottles. Nope. Not here. So we had to make a run to CVS. Lastly, the place smells wet, like mildew and the first time we tried to open the top drawer, it was broken so we ended up living out of our suitcases as opposed to putting anything away, which made this TINY room even smaller. I'll be sure to check whether my next airbnb experience is a \"short term rental\" like this or someone's actual apartment. Would not recommend this place at all, unfortunately. \r\n Great location.. The room was very comfortable and clean..you have all you need! 10 minutes to downtown..If I have the chance to come back to Boston I ll return in this beautiful location!! Sara was great to communicate with. Her place is as pictured. It is close to the airport and was great for a stopover. The stairs down are not the ones pictured however they are tight with suitcases. Michelle is an informative and fun host. Her accommodations are basic and comfortable. The breakfast was delightful. She likes to bake and shares her yummy goodies with her guests. She is a long time Bostonian and shares her knowlege with her guests. Me and my boyfriend stayed 2 nights at Peter's place. It has been a real pleasure for us and we enjoyed our time very much. We were allowed to use the whole appartment because Peter was away for weekend. Appartment was very clean and was a nice and cozy place to hang out for us. T-Station is like a 10 minute walk away and also a walk to the sea takes about 15 minutes. Unfortunately we could not meet in person, but maybe next time! :) My husband stayed at Susan's place during a recent trip to Boston for a conference. Susan was very communicative and attentive during the reservation process. She sent out a questionnaire prior to arrival asking for our travel plans and breakfast preferences.  Upon return my husband raved about Susan, both as a person and as a perfect host.  He said that her granola and breakfasts were \"amazing\".  Susan runs a tight ship so that all her guests have a wonderful experience. She's been a host for awhile and she knows just how to make people feel at home.  We would definitely stay here again.  Thanks Susan! As a family we had been planning once last holiday for all 5 of us to give and as it was my mum'a 60th she chose where we went. We started the holiday in Boston staying in Trisha's apartment. Having never been before, it was a quick 10 minute journey from the airport cost $30 between us. The apartment gave us a lot more room than we would have had than if we were in a hotel although you wouldn't necessarily have a big sit down meal but the table is great for breakfast or for a quick lunch. Also the flexibility with meals which is important as the youngest is a student so doesn't have a lot of money. The best thing apartment this apartment is the location. North End is an incredible area being so close to the harbour, downtown Boston, Quincey market and the subway. We were able to walk most places or if not hop on a subway which is what we needed as my mum wanted to cover a lot of history in the short amount of time we had. North end feels incredibly welcoming and the food and shops are fantastic. We were there for St Anthony's which was a fantastic atmosphere with live music and stalls and everyone willing to have a chat to you.  This is a great apartment for location and the apartment itself feels clean and modern. Host was very responsive and explained everything well. Good location, close to subway to go downtown.  $10-15 to come back via Uber. Room nice and clean. Only downside was the shared bathroom was not cleaned properly. For the price though I would consider this place again any day. Beth is an amazing host. It was our first trip with airbnb. We stayed at her place for two weeks while we were relocating to Boston. Her house is really nice with art at every corner. Jen and Beth made us feel really at home. They both are very nice people. We had our privacy, but also got to chat with them. They gave suggestions about places to visit and helped with our apartment search. We are really glad we chose Beth's house. The room is located in a nice part of the city, we walked downtown and it was about a 25-minute walk, but the bus stops right outside the door. It's small but cozy :) This room was everything that was promised and more.  We arrived in the afternoon and took a taxi from the airport to the room. We were let in and showed to our room by Tiffany and she personally made sure that all our questions were answered and needs met.  In the room, she had prepared brochures of all the local activities, including directions on how to get there!  Bath towel, hand towel and wash cloths were provided.  The shared bathroom and shower were my only pre trip concerns and by the first night those concerns were put to rest. \r\nThe room is in a quaint building right off of Cambridge St. and close to everything.  Across the street is the Whole Foods and CVS. It's a 5 minute walk to MGH, the T, D&amp;D &amp; Starbucks.  \r\nIn the room is a bed, night stand with reading lamp, desk &amp; chair, sink, microwave, mini fridge window a/c and closet.  The shared 1/2 bath was never busy when I needed it and the shower was open in the morning and evening when I showered.  We never heard our neighbors (and tried not to disturb them), and only saw a few of them as our schedules were different.  If I have to be away from home, I don't mind staying here! Casa carina, con tutto il necessario! Non troppo chiara la questione dell'arrivo e delle chiavi! Soggiorno confortevole! It was a short but very easy stay. Lisa makes everything for a five star rating. Thank you! Nicole's apartment is very cozy (especially the big couch)!  We enjoyed the ability to relax in the living room after walking/riding the T all over Boston.  The bed is comfy, too, and even in the 90 degree heat of the summer, the portable air conditioning unit works great.  It also provides a bit of white noise to lull one to sleep.  We greatly appreciated the ability to make our own breakfast in the kitchen, as well as the  proximity to downtown Cambridge (5-10 min walk) to enjoy a few local eateries and ice cream shops! Aakash is a great host and his space is great! He left a bottle of wine! Check in was smooth and he was waiting for me right when I arrived and met me right outside his place. I'd definitely stay here again and recommend staying here if your in the Boston area. Chris was a great host. The apartment was very clean and he personally welcomed us into his home. He was quick to respond to any requests and was very attentive to our needs. We will be looking to stay here again in the future! The unit was easy to get to and only a few minutes walk to the Orange Line. We didn't spend a significant amount of time in the immediate neighborhood, but we enjoyed the space. it was quaint and more than served our needs. The beds and sheets were comfortable, the architectural details helped to set the space off, and the amenities were numerous and easy to use. I was almost always able to get in touch with either Will or the property management company when I needed to, and all parties involved where always courteous and helpful. \r\n\r\nThat being said, there were a few minor issues. These are all incredibly nitpicky and did not significantly detract from our stay and enjoyment of the property.\r\n\r\nA few of the stairs, either in the unit or on the way up to it, are in need of replacement. We were actively trying to step as close to the riser as possible on these steps to take as much of the load off of the tread as possible.\r\n\r\nThe cable jack for the TV is missing a face plate and is not secured to the wall; it is simply hanging out next to the tv stand. While this is mainly just a cosmetic issue, it is nonetheless rather interesting that it has not been properly installed.\r\n\r\nThe downstairs bathroom has the main light switch behind the hand towels, which we didn't realize until someone actually took one of the towels off the rack. It's just an odd/confusing placement, especially if you arrive after dark.\r\n\r\nLastly, the wireless is shared between at least the top two units and the requisite equipment is located in unit 2. We had the wireless go out and require a reset once during our stay, and it caused a few minor hiccups when we were getting ready that morning. A quick call to the Short Term Rentals Boston office (the company that manages the property for Will) was able to remedy this; they contacted the tenets in unit two and had the system reset. \r\n\r\nThese were all minor issues and would not prevent me from staying here again or wholeheartedly recommending it to anybody that is considering the property. This is a nice unit with a fairly central location. If you're going to be spending a fair amount of time in the vicinity or traveling around the Boston area it's an excellent choice. It also serves as a far more reasonably priced option if you're going to be around the Cambridge area more but don't want to spend the extra money that would entail; the metro system will easily get you to the Harvard and MIT campuses within 15-20 minutes. Ari is a fantastic host! The rooms are really nicely set up and the location is fantastic! Easy parking, great location - downtown in 30 minutes or less.  Even though we didn't get to spend much time together, Hermina was very nice and welcoming to us.  Thanks! Edward is an amazing host, and the property is absolutely beautiful! The apartment was exactly as described and in a great location. \r\n\r\nCommunication with Ravi was really good and check in/out was straightforward. We thought it was good value for the area and would stay again if we returned to Boston. \r\n\r\nParking was a bit of a nightmare, but that's not Ravi's fault by any means, just something to be aware of if you're driving there;  we eventually found a multi-story car park for $30 for 24hrs about 15 minutes walk away. \r\n\r\nWe'd definitely recommend the apartment to others. Our stay at the Mayhew was just okay. We communicated throughout our stay with John of Swank Properties through the AirBNB messaging system. If you stay in a Swank Property, it will feel a bit more corporate because you're renting from a company rather than staying in a person's home. Before arriving, John was very accommodating in allowing us to access the apartment a few hours before scheduled check-in time. The apartment was very clean and spacious, and all amenities we could've needed were provided. There's a coffee shop a short walk away, a restaurant right next door, and it is conveniently located between two T stops.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, on the second week, we lost both AC and hot water in the apartment. We were told neither could be fixed until after our stay was going to be over. We did ask to have access to another unit for showers, but we did not receive a reply before our stay ended. \r\n\r\nNeedless to say, our stay at The Mayhew was colored due to the issues with the apartment. Boston was an amazing city. I had a wonderful time. Sean was very easy to get in touch with and it was very nice of him to store my luggage after checkout. The apartment itself is spacious enough for 1-2 people. There was a hairdryer and iron if needed. There were a couple of things that bothered me, first of all it needs a goooood cleaning. There was dust everywhere..and some things need to be replaced. The shower was not very inviting to take a long shower but it did the job. Secondly it is very dark in the apartment! And thirdly the noise. You could hear people everywhere-outside, in the hallway and above you! And the fridge is super loud and because it is right next to the bed it bothered me at night. Nevertheless the stay overall was good. Sean seems like a nice guy and the location can't be beaten- you can walk to most places!! Great experience. Raphael was very responsive and accommodating. The room was clean upon arrival - towels laid out and two bottled waters provided. The private bath was appreciated.\r\n\r\nBefore check-in, Raphael found us multiple overnight parking options and responded quickly to our messages. We only briefly saw Raphael and his roommates, but everyone was friendly.\r\n\r\nThe T and bus stops are right around the corner, and the neighborhood is full of restaurants, coffee shops and bars.\r\n Excellent host. The house and room are exactly as described. No hassles getting in or out. I had a great time. Thanks Izzy! Everything about this place was perfect. Close enough to the T station or Hubway bike rentals to get into downtown but also quiet and residential. Great places to eat are just around the corner (highly recommend Corner Street Cafe for brunch). Sarah was accommodating to our arrival and departure needs. The apartment has everything you need and is beautifully furnished. I had a great week staying with Michelle in Roxbury, she's an amazing host who really knows the area and how to bake some awesome cookies! I'll be staying here for sure when I'm next back in Boston. We are a family of four and it was our first time visiting Boston to settle our daughter/sister for school here. We had a lovely stay at Kenzi's. They are extremely warm and were chirpy ally here throughout to take care of us. We did not feel like we were away from home at all. It was almost as if we were physically being hosted at the apartment. It was a great experience, the location is 5 stars and I highly recommend the apartment to anyone visiting Boston. Just one note, the apartment is on the second floor. My only regret is that I could not meet the family in person. :) The host was beyond wonderful, neighborhood was quite pleasant and the listing was spot on. I hope my daughter can stay here and I will recommend this listing to anyone who mentions wanting to travel to Boston. Atef is a great host, he recieved me and gave a lot of info about the city hot spots. He's place is awsome, big and comfortable, nice patio, great location, I walked almost to everywhere from there but you have public transportation real close too. My next time in Boston I'm staying here again for sure, Charlestown is a beautifull neighborhood. Izzy's communication is very good. All communication was done via text or AirBnB messaging. Directions and house details were well spelled out &amp; clear. I was in the basement room of the 3 rooms he rents out. Everything is clean but spares. I would not consider it cozy but it was a very good value. Excellent experience. Highly recommendable. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Charlestown this past weekend. Gerard and Marie's home is welcoming and spacious; absolutely perfect for the four of us during our trip. I especially enjoyed the architectural details of the home. In addition to providing coffee, juice and creamer, Marie gave us very helpful advice on parking and attractions upon arrival. We found everything we needed just steps away: grocery store, the Freedom Trail, subway, etc. Wish we could've stayed longer and hope to return again someday! The reservation was canceled 35 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location and apartment. We had no problems at the place. Avoid if your sensitive to cat dander or cigarette smoke. Room was clean, common area was... collegiate? Comfortable bed and hot shower with good water pressure. Tom answered my first call and was helpful. Deborah was a great host. She has provided everything I need, gave me lots suggest on places to go, she also has provided some snack in our room which is very sweet.\r\n and their apartment is much bigger then you can see on the photo! The bed is very big and cozy, and the whole room is very comfortable.The apartment is very cloes to the blue line and walk distance to some park. Also can see the skyline near by. Super happy with my experience. The location was great, and Sean was nice. We did our own thing and came and went as we pleased without the worry of bothering anyone. Would definitely use again. Jason and Stephanie were thoughtful and accommodating hosts. Their home is beautiful, the room is so comfortable, and (at least to me) it seems there's nothing one might need that they haven't anticipated. Every expectation I had was met, if not exceeded. I definitely recommend staying with them! Just needed a place to lay my head for the night, and this was perfect for what I was looking for. We felt the apt. was too minimally furnished and supplied given the daily fee paid.  The kitchen needs more equipment to cook comfortably. The apt. in general needs to be cleaner when guests arrive. There should be smoke detectors in every bedroom and a fire extinguisher should be supplied. These issues can be easily corrected. This was my first airbnb experience. I was greeted by Ahmed's assistant Eddie at the Panera Bread across the street, he took me over to the place and showed me around and made sure that I knew how to operate everything. He gave me his cell phone number and instructed me to text him if anything came up. Despite the age of the building, the studio apartment was quite clean (the hallways in the building are worn out looking, but that's nothing they can control and it is a 100 year old building. You just need to look past that). It's in the theater district of Boston and just down the street from Boston Commons. Lot's of places to eat nearby (Rock Bottom, Legal Seafoods, Subway, pizza joint, German food place, several pubs). The traffic outside can get noisy fairly early in the morning, so take that into consideration based on your sleeping habits.  I'm not a high-maintenance traveler and just need a place to sleep, take a shower, and check/respond to email. The apt. had internet access which had decent bandwidth speed. Compared to the costs of hotels ($279/night and up) in the area, I would not have any hesitations about staying here in the future. Thanks Eddie and Ahmed for hosting! Robert fue un gran anfitrión, me ayudó a planificar las visitas a la ciudad, es una persona muy amable y preocupada.\r\n\r\nSu casa es muy acogedora, tiene una pieza amplia, y está bien ubicada (cercana al metro).\r\n\r\nDefinitivamente recomiendo alojarse con Robert.\r\n Both Christina and Drew were there to welcome me at the apartment.  They gave me a few great tips about where to eat locally and how to get around Boston.  The room faces onto the main road and is therefore quite noisy but I was given ear plugs and slept very well.  The room itself is small but as I was only there to sleep, I really didn't mind. The apartment was clean and tidy.  Also an additional thoughtful touch - Drew also wrote out a list of places to eat in Portland, Maine, which was my next destination, which is was really lovely and useful. The neigbourhood is excelent and the street is very nice and quiet.\r\nthe appartment is nice and the bedroom is  big and bright.\r\nwe didn't see john but his roommate was very nice.\r\nUnfortunately, it was a bad experience,\r\nthe bed was very small, hard and skinny.\r\nit was not enough big to sleep at two people, and we are tallest than the bed ( I am 6 feet tall).\r\nMy friend slept without sheets on the couch which was dirty also.\r\nWe have not taken a shower because the bathroom was seriously terrible with dirtiness and moldiness everywhere... I am sorry to tell that, but you can't rent at 100$ with these services. It is sad because you have everything to make a succes.\r\nbest regards, No quilt, no air conditioner. Very small. Good location, very close to Boston Conservatory. Amazing condo in an even better location! Donny &amp; Chris went out of their way to make my first trip to Boston one that will keep me wanting to come back! Julie was out of town for the weekend but her roommate was able to help me out with everything. She was very nice and accommodating, I immediately felt welcomed in the apartment. The location was amazing, it was basically in the center of everything, and it was really nice to walk down Boylston and Newbury with all the shops. Even though there are several subways within walking distance, I didn't feel the need to take it when exploring all the way to the heart of downtown. It's even within a nice walking distance from the Esplanade along the river. Couldn't have asked for a better location. We stayed at Carlos and Cheryl's 2 bedroom condo in Boston for the 2015 Marathon. My boyfriend was running, and our moms came along for the trip.\r\n\r\nThe space:\r\nThis apartment is small, but fit our needs completely. It was great to have a \"home away from home\" as our home base, rather than a hotel, as it was crucial to be able to control our runner's diet prior to race day. The place had plenty of common space in the kitchen and the living room, and there was wifi and cable TV to enjoy when not partaking in local activities.\r\n\r\nThe neighborhood:\r\nThe North End was a FANTASTIC place to stay. It was central to many of the major landmarks in the city, plus it had access to two major T stops. The food was around the apartment was fantastic (Giacomo's is 1 block away and worth the wait!), and you are walking distance to the Freedom Trail.\r\n\r\nThe hosts:\r\nNot only did they contact me almost immediately upon accepting the reservation, they shared important information about the area, the apartment, and their method for distributing keys. They also reached out 2 weeks prior with more stay details and checked-in the day we arrived.\r\n\r\nOverall, an excellent experience. I hope to stay here again on my next trip to the city! Hi, everything went very well. Check-In was just perfect. The shared bathrooms were always clean and I only had to wait once for about 10 minutes to use it during my week long stay. The street was quiet most of the time and the location is just gorgeous. And having the Whole Foods Market just 2 minutes walk away is also a big plus. The only downside was the overall slow WIFI speed. Hermina provided us a place to stay on very short notice. I e-mailed her the day prior, and she opened up the process for me to book a room at her home for two nights. When we arrived, she provided a way to get into the house, a clean room and bed, and bathroom. She even allowed us to steal some of the fridge for holding some food and let us eat some of her breakfast fixings. It was a pleasure to stay there for 2 nights. If we ever return to Boston, we'll definitely be contacting her! Also worth noting - we had a car and parking was not an issue at all. Lastly, the T Station is VERY close - a 5 minute walk if you take your time. All in all - a great accommodation! Pretty much as described. It was easy to find when driving and there was plentiful on street parking. The building appears to be a late 19th/early 20th century house, of which the apartment makes up the ground floor. The room is the former front room, the kitchen and bathroom are shared with Liz and Lucian. Liz and Lucian were very welcoming and understanding of our late arrival. The room is of reasonable size, probably best suited to a couple travelling although we fit three adults in there with little difficulty.\r\n\r\nThe building is about 10-15 minutes from the subway station, a further 20 minutes on the train to central Boston.\r\n\r\nWe enjoyed our stay and the opportunity it gave to explore Boston. Had a good stay here. Was close to trains. Ideal for a couple. Nice Apt.！Convienient，comfortable and cleaning～Just a few minutes to the Red line T public transportation. We sleep well with two beds in separate rooms and enjoy a great stay here.Maybe at the very first we have a little trouble to get in the apt. because of poor English but Jay's response is quick. Best recommendation ! 波士顿大好，住宿棒棒哒，干净，交通方便，还可以煮个拉面，力荐！ All of my experiences with AirBnB have been easy and fun, and this one was too. \r\n\r\nI called John about 30 minutes before I arrived and he was waiting for me at the door to the building. He gave me a quick review of access to the building and showed me around the apartment. The location is about as central as you can get to downtown Boston. There is a T stop immediately below the building so you can get anywhere quickly. There are plenty of restaurants, coffee shops, and retail stores right in the area. China Town, the North End, and the Boston Common are short walks away from the apartment. \r\n\r\nThe apartment itself was nice, with three comfortable bedrooms and a nice living/dining room combination. The bathroom was comfortable, clean, and had a huge jetted tub. I didn't get to try the jacuzzi out, but it looked nice. The shower was hot and had great pressure. I took the back bedroom and was surprised at how quiet it was. My coworkers indicated that there was some street noise from construction next door, but they both indicated it wasn't a problem. \r\n\r\nAfterwards we agreed that we would definitely stay here again. Thanks Jon! Susans apartment is in a great location. Walking distance to downtown and some nice bars and restaurants. Communication and check in was easy and great. Would stay here again when visiting Boston. We went to boston for three days vacation. Living in Steve's place is very convenient and cheap. we save a lot money on this vacation. This was my first experience with Airbnb and it was wonderful.  The owners were easy to get in touch with from the initial reservation through the last day.  The apartment was in a great location for any Boston experience.  I highly recommend them for anyone traveling to the area. This place is a great option for the busy and hectic business traveler who enjoys a minimalistic, modern, industrial loft feel.\r\n\r\nI was traveling to the Cambridge area for business for two days and one night. I usually go the hotel route when I have a full meeting schedule because the key exchange can often be a hassle.  However, Juan was completely flexible, when I had a gap in my schedule, I was able to duck out and pick up the keys on 10 minutes notice.  Key drop off was just as easy and flexible.  \r\n\r\nThe building is very new and there are several other very recent high rise condos and apartments within a couple blocks, so there is a bustling level of activity.  Definitely a younger mid 20s to early 40s type of neighborhood.  Close enough to the main Cambridge office area (~1 mile) that you could walk, or it's less than $7 for an UberX ride.  I took a total of 3 rides from the condo, and the wait times were 2,2, and 3 minutes, so not bad at all for a residential area.\r\n\r\nA few tips for future occupants: \r\nI had some slight concern given its proximity to the highway and trains at the time of booking, but the condo windows are very well insulated and they were a complete non-issue.  Nothing to worry about at all.\r\n\r\nThe shower head turns almost 360 degrees counter-clockwise to get hot water.  The temperature label  on the shower nozzle could be interpreted as it being a 90 degree turn.  It took about 30 seconds of me waiting for hot water to figure that one out!\r\n\r\nI also noticed that Juan had an airbed on the couch, so  it appears the place could accommodate additional folks if necessary. \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n Afiyah is a great host. The room was clean and cozy. You can even enjoy a small breakfast buffet. ( coffee, tea, milk, jam, peanut butter, cereals, fresh fruit, bagels) Its set up the whole day, so when you arrive late, you can have a small snack before going to bed. Its short walking distance to the T station Orient Heights, 8 min walk. Taxi to airport about 12 USD. \r\nThe House is located at a small bay across the airport. Since the airport is so close there is some noise from departing/ landing aircrafts. But it didnt annoy me at all, had a good night sleep. Our first Airbnb experience couldn't have gone better! Jason is the perfect host. From our initial email introduction, several months prior to our arrival, to the follow up during our stay, Jason ensured that we had everything we needed. The apartment is conveniently located near Boston University and Newbury Street and had everything we (along with our two year old) could've asked for (Disney on directv and Netflix.. Jackpot for the little!) This place is our new home away from home in Boston. We will be back for sure!! Edward was very helpful and responded to any questions that I had within hours. The studio looked exactly as what shown in the pictures - I love the lightening! It was a great experience! Thanks : ) ! Jason answered my emails and phone call promptly. The location was terrific but some neighbors were noisy. Comfortable apartment. In real estate it is all about location.  You can't beat this address.  Truly walking distance from food, sights and transportation.  I even walked back from Fenway Park after the Red Sox forgot how to play baseball on July 28, 2015.  Still, it was a fabulous time.  92 Beacon St. is a great value for lodging.  The only hiccup was a Comcast Cable Box failure which Joseph was \"Johnny on the spot\" about resolving.  Didn't bother me, I was there to see Boston.  I forwarded my thoughts to family and friends, so they too can cash in on this value.  Thanks JW, I had a great time in Baaahston! The apartment was exactly what we needed for our trip to Boston. The rooms were big enough to make it feel like home,  the kitchen was great,  and being able to do our laundry,  iron our clothes,  and relax between conference outings made it a steal at the price. \r\n\r\nThe only downsides were a weak wifi connection and the daily construction every morning at 8am, but the latter I'm sure is just part of living in the city. \r\n\r\nThanks Liesel for all your help while we were there. It's a lovely little apartment. Jose was always available and took care of few issues that came up during our stay. We enjoyed the convenient location right in the middle of charming restaurants and short walk to anywhere in Downtown Boston. Had a short and wonderful stay, the location was incredible and the room was exactly what I was looking for. John was a wonderful host and made us feel very welcomed. The location was convenient and the accommodations were exactly as described.  Highly recommend John's West Roxbury estate. It was a great experience staying here. Ella and Will were so accommodating and friendly. It was wonderful to have the entire apartment. We had a great time staying at Quinn-May's place. The room was very nice and clean; the bathroom, shared between several rooms, was also clean. There is cheap parking ($5/day) just around the corner, at the T station. We didn?t meet Izzy at all!!!! After we arrived nobody was there except some spanish speaking people.\r\nOur room was disgusting!!! It smelted like mold and was very dirty!!!!\r\nThe Bathroom wasn?t cleaned either and my friend and i wanted to leave right after we came??\r\nThe Dryer or washer was not usable because the assistant from Izzy washed all the time.\r\nThe Neighborhood is not safe at all and every other morning u could hear people fight.\r\nDon?t stay there!!!!!! It?s nothing like u would expect it! \r\nAnd it?s defenetly to expensive for this nasty place!!!! The place was clean and easy to get to from the station. It's really close to the red line and a highway so it's a little noisy but besides that everything was great. If I need to stay in Boston again, I'm definitely choosing this place. Staying Robert's place was my first attempt to use airbnb.\r\nI had great stay in Boston. Robert is a great host. The room is very comfortable, clean, and beautiful. Location can't be better!!\r\nI would love to come back his place If I have chance to come Boston again.\r\nThanks Robert! This apartment was exactly what I was looking for. The pictures are exactly as it appears and the location cannot be beat. \r\n\r\nHanover Street is right in the heart of Little Italy, one of the oldest, neighborhoods and all of Boston. \r\n\r\nThe cost was very comparable when you consider the amenities you get and the location especially when comparing it to any one of the hotels in the area that can cost up to $600 dollars a night.  \r\n\r\nI definitely will be back and look forward to staying here again. We had a lovely time in Boston. The house was fantastic and spacious for 5. It is the first time we had planned a trip and had gone ahead with booking place to stay using Airbnb, and I should say I got a brilliant place to stay \r\nThank You Jack for letting us stay at your beautiful home. \r\n\r\nRegards\r\nVignesh Ramji Very good stay, unfortunately too short (only two nights). The house is special and eco-friendly, the room was enough clean and everything was as we expected. Positive aspects: large and bright room, private entrance, good, healthy biological breakfast, organic soaps, large shower stall. Negative aspects: very small washbasin. Andree is a good host, she was very helpful and kind. The neighborhood is very nice and quite, a little bit far from downtown Boston but no problem to reach it by bus, metro or car. Thank you Andree, I would suggest your peculiar house to everyone! Had an awesome time! It's REALLY close to the T, clean, and in a very \"New England\" part of time. Reminded me of my home growing up. :-) Before i say anything else i would like to talk about the host-Giuseppe. He is one damn helpful guy and is very responsive, who is always just a call away if you need any help. I was from abroad and it was my first trip to boston but i hardly faced any difficulty thanks to some really helpful advice from Giuseppe regarding the places, transport, restaurants etc. Talking about the room, it is pretty much the same what you read in the description. It has a private toilet(not bath) and a sink. The bed was very comfortable and i got some clean linen and blankets too. You dont get any furniture apart from the bed like a table or a chair and as said earlier its a pretty small room. The other room mates are quiet and are usually very busy, so don't be surprised if you are in the house all by yourself most of the times. Talking about the location- it has numerous restaurants which are just a couple of mins walk from home in brighton ave. There are a lot of places to eat and drink nearby. As far as transportation is concerned the nearest bus stops are just 5 minutes away by walking and as a student i had to go to longwood medical area everyday and had no difficulty doing it whatsoever. All in all the room and location were great and i had zero issues during 1 month of stay. I would recommend this to all those who are looking for a cheap accommodation in a safe and a happening location. Had a good time at Lisa's place,amazing and humble (website hidden) was also easy to get to the subway via the bus(bus stop is just in front of the house).\r\nRoom was nice and warm during the winter(Good heating system in the room).The floor boards can be cold at times,so it'll be a good idea to bring some indoor slip on's during the cold months.\r\nOverall a great stay and would be happy to come back!! Jim was very welcoming.\r\nMy flight got delayed but he was very accommodating to the time change. He also gave me some advises on places to grab a bite. Except for the location, an overall disappointing experience. The  apartment is older and in worse condition than the description and photos seem to show. Note that it's on a 3rd floor with no lift, there's no TV, internet is available through a weak Mifi device, it's very noisy outside (ie. provided earplugs!), etc. We felt like at home!!! We suggest Amy's house to everyone is planning a journey in Boston! Nicole is the perfect host. She served me Brazlian coffee when I arrived and it was served in a very beautiful way. The room was cleanly and had lot of lighting. The house is decorated with pieces of art scattered art while give it a very nice feel. She has a cat named Sasha, who actually owns the house. I bonded well with her. Nicole tries to spend time and talk with you despite her busy schedule. It was a wonderful experience and I wish I could have stayed longer. Rachel's place is incredible all around! It is stylish and comfortable. My wife and I went for a valentines weekend in the city and had an incredible time. The location is a perfect hub for shopping and dining. It is hard to imagine a better deal in the city! We strongly recommend patty&amp;javier's house. They were really kind, what you get is what you see in the ad. Confortable room with private toilet. The only 'but' is the distance from downtown, too big for tourists as us. But is perfectly connected by train.\r\n\r\nThe area is nice too, quite, mostly residential, perfect for vegan people.\r\n\r\n Liam is just plain good (GREAT) people. Stay. With. Him. Marlo's place was great.  We loved the proximity to all we were interested in and walked or ran everywhere.  We rarely took public transportation.\r\nMarlo was always ready to suggest places to go and things to do, but we ran out of time. \r\nIf anyone chooses to go to Boston, stay a week or more.  It's wonderful. Adam and Rachel are very warm and thoughtful hosts. They packed us apples and fruit bars for us to have on the go. And they made us breakfast and coffee everyday. Their dog, Lucy, is very friendly too. Susan met me at the train station and made me feel welcome throughout my stay. She's was great conversation and company, as was her cat Shuki.\r\n\r\nGood price, very reliable internet, and plenty of fresh fruit. I would stay here again (and may do). The apartment is near South Boston, extremely close to the Andrew T stop on the Red Line, which makes it very convenient for getting around the city. The check-in and out procedures were very easy and Shawn was prompt and easy to communicate with. Katy's apartment ended up being the perfect place for me to stay for a night in Boston. I was in a wedding in Brookline, and the apartment was a short drive away. The room is simple and clean, with a great collection of Boston guides for those not familiar with the city. Katy's partner even dropped off some fresh scones for breakfast. Much appreciated! Since I was only there for a quick night, I unfortunately never met Katy--but her partner was very welcoming! The only problem I had was with parking. During the day it was a non-issue, but at night I drove around for 30 mins in the rain trying to find a spot. It was frustrating, but that's Boston. It was also a good reminder that you're better off leaving your car outside of the city and taking the T! Was definitely Alittle weary about staying in someone's house whom I've never met, but Kristine made us feel like we've known her forever.  Her house was beautiful, the location was great, and the bed comfortable. I would definitely recommend Kristina's place. We had a terrific time there! A great place to stay in Boston. Steven is a great host. I loved the place, it has been one of my top  Airbnb experiences by now. It was a few minutes away from the red line and I will choose it again if I have the opportunity. We had the most amazing time while our stay in Boston.  The house was more then the pictures and other reviews wrote about.  Thomas and Jenny are great hosts who answered all our questions.  The house is very clean and a great place to stay that is a quick drive to the city.\r\n\r\nWould surely stay here again if we ever go back to Boston and would recommend the house to our friends. Sasha was a very accommodating and kind host. The room and house were both well taken care of and comfortable. The bathroom is actually shared with the room on the 3rd floor because it is in their room. Luckily, it was never hard to make arrangements with the others guests staying in that room. The host canceled this reservation 27 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My mom and I had a great stay at Leah's apartment.  It was close to downtown JP and easy to get in and out of.  The apartment is fun and tidy. Great place, great location, away from city core but close to T and Sam Adams Brewery. Easy ride to core on the T. Host was able to respond to broken shower hose immediately even though she was away from the house. The reservation was canceled 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The property was furnished &amp; as described.  They did do us a favor &amp; got us into the unit to drop off our luggage earlier than check in so that we could enjoy the sites before we took occupancy, thank you very much for that.\r\n\r\nThe check in procedure was slightly difficult due to the lockbox code/lockbox not functioning properly.  There was only one set of key's left, so when we were let in by the apartment managers we still did not have keys to access the property.  I cannot say that Churchill was not pleasant to deal with on all occasions, because they were.  The hassle was the fact that things were not as they should have been.  The unit did need some maintenance that was deferred as well.  Overall, we loved the place, dealing with Churchill was not bad, &amp; dealing with the property's on site apartment management was pleasant as well.  Would we recommend it, yes I would, but I would be aware that the emergency line you have to call can have you waiting a little bit for them to get back to you.  They do always get back to you, but it does take time. Izzy was a nice and helpful host with detailed directions. The room is in the basement and even though Izzy mentions it we somehow missed that detail and it has narrow stairs leading down to it which made it hard for us to carry our bags up and down. We are unfortunately traveling with really heavy bags. The place is in East Boston and is extremely convenient for the airport. Marguerite is a wonderful hostess.  She truly cares about her guests, and is interested in getting to know them, which is one aspect which sets AirBnB apart from a hotel.  My room was quiet, comfortable, and I much appreciated the private bathroom!  I had a fantastic stay! Katy's house is beautiful and she has clearly worked hard to make it easy to be her guest. She has a user manual with everything you need to know for your stay. We were grateful for the comfortable place for our family of five. This place is the perfect location to explore Boston. In the heart of little Italy and a 10 min walk to the T (their public transportation). Howard was very nice and gave us plenty of great recommendations. He was quick to respond and his place was very clean! Whatever toiletries we had forgotten, he already has. He checked up on us on the first day, the day after the first and the last day. Can't wait to stay at his place again whenever we visit Boston again. The apartment was so perfectly located and cozy, I want to keep it a secret and keep it all for myself...\r\n\r\nKim was a very kind and organized host, she gave me a lot of different recommendations and tips.\r\n\r\nI know you'll love the place. Andy was a great host and accommodated my parents busy schedule who were traveling to Boston to help move me into my new apartment.  The apartment was very clean and Andy's father helped to straighten out my parents parking situation since our van couldn't fit in the garage (parking space).  Thanks Andy! We couldn't have found a more perfect apartment for our 4 night stay in Boston for my graduation. The location is absolutely perfect  between Salem St. &amp; Hanover St. North Bennett Court is tucked away &amp; we couldn't believe how quiet and peaceful it was. The beds were comfortable and the apartment had everything that we needed. The communication was quick and efficient and couldn't have been easier. I would stay here again and again. I would recommend this apartment to anyone looking for an authentic North End experience. The stairs are steep so if you have mobility issues then this is not the right place for you. Thanks again Dror! We had a great stay at Megan &amp; Chris's place. Jamaica Plain is a nice neighbourhood: leafy trees, beautiful mansions and a huge pond, coffee bars and restaurants at the end of their street, and a very local, do-it-together attitude. Much nicer than one might expect after the metro ride, which takes a little less than half an hour from/to downtown. The apartment is a real travellers place, with maps and pictures from all over the world. Cosy and colourful and very clean. The room isn't very big but has a nice private porch and airconditioning. The bed is on the narrow side but that didn't bother us. We didn't see much of Megan and Chris, but we did meet them early on and they gave us a lot of fun and interesting tips. Thank you for the wonderful time at your place. Lisa and her husband are friendly hosts. The room was great and also our baby felt great. I would always come back to you! A fantastic experience in a truly beautiful part of Boston. Tuomas left us clear instructions of how to get into the apartment and got back to us quickly if we needed to ask him anything. I would definitely stay here again if I ever came to Boston. Paramount is a great restaurant for breakfast and it's not too far away. Beacon  Hill is a wonderful neighborhood.  We thoroughly enjoyed being within walking distance of restaurants,  the T, and anything else we wanted to do.  We loved the history that surrounded us.  It is a quirky little place but we enjoyed our stay. For the price and location ($90/night, 10 minute walk from Hynes Convention Center), it was worth the stay. It's a small studio apartment in an older building. The apartment was clean and warm. The walls are not soundproof, so like most low- to mid-range motels you can hear neighbors if they're loud, but it was quiet after 10pm when I stayed. One piece of advice: be sure the electronic door lock is engaged (check from the outside after you leave); if not, flip the switch on the inside. Well sized room for two people with the basic necessities which also included a mini fridge. Our room, the common areas and bathrooms were clean when we arrived. There were good kitchen facilities but we did not have to use them. \r\n\r\nOverall good value for a location that is close enough to downtown Boston. This was a good, convenient place to crash for the night. There is some noise from the airport but it didn't bother me. It wasn't air conditioned but with the windows opened I slept comfortably. I do feel like it's worth mentioning I didn't have a way to lock my bedroom and the bathroom didn't lock either. And the shower was disgusting but those are my only complaints. Very much appreciated the breakfast food left out for guests and the overall convenience of the stay. The apartment was just like the pictures. It was lovely, clean, heat worked well ( I was there for two snowstorms and very cold weather) property manager very quick to respond when I called her. Very convenient to my son's apartment. I would definitely come back!!!! I didn't actually get to meet Soledad and I was only in the apartment for 1 night but had a blast. I was staying in 1 bedroom and there was also 1 other Dutch guy and a German couple there too. Everyone was really nice, had a lot of fun sitting around at night and talking etc. The apartment itself is really well equipped, with all utensils that you could require in the kitchen, beds are comfortable and bathrooms are really nice and clean. Soledad makes it really easy to find your way around and makes you feel right at home! Would definitely stay here again if I came back to Boston. The street itself can be a little hard to find (I did end up at a different street of same name at the wrong end of town!), so make sure you know exactly which street to go to before you leave! Anna was very accommodating to our needs. She is a very responsive host. My friends and I enjoyed our stay. The apartment was definitely what was advertised in the photos. I highly recommend renting her place. Beautiful and charming multi-unit home, perfectly maintained and 10-15min from everything I needed (conference center, Seaport, North End and Financial District). This a slick operation. Do not hesitate to work with these guys! I saved thousands vs. using a hotel this week. Thank you Mr. Swank and to everyone on the Swank team! The listing was exactly how described and perfect for our in and out of trips to the city all weekend. The room was (website hidden) was fun to experience on a weekend as well! Awesome location in regards to the T as well. Good communication and prompt replies. Room is as photographed and lightly furnished (bed, desk, chair). The house has several airbnb rooms and is about a 8 min walk from the T (subway). Joe is polite &amp; helpful as were the other airbnb'ers staying there. Use of the laundry was a helpful addition. Thank you for this first airbnb experience. Staying here was great, set in a beautiful, central part of Boston, access to everything is super easy. I didn't meet Tiffany but she was very accommodating when I arrived early. Despite having a shared shower and toilet, I hardly saw anyone over the course of a week. Highly recommended. I'll gladly stay again. A perfect location for walking through Cambridge shops and Harvard Square. Jannah's apt. is beautifully furnished with antiques and bright new paint.  Our room was cozy, the bed comfortable and the sheets clean and crisp. Sharing the roomy bathroom wasn't a problem. I loved sipping my morning coffee in the living room.\r\n\r\nMost of all, our hostess is a joy to talk with, gracious  and anxious to make our stay as comfortable as possible. We stayed eight days and hated to leave. Very responsible Staying at Tim's was a great experience. The room was exactly as described and we had everything we needed. The location of the apartment is great and we've been able to do walks during the night all through the bunker hill park and around. \r\nI'll definitely recommend.\r\n Fantastic space that could easily host more than the three people we had in our party Sid's apartment is in a very nice, quiet neighborhood.  It is well described on the airbnb site.  Very comfortable bed.  We only met Sid briefly, but he was available by phone for arrival information, (and also if we would have had any other questions).\r\nMinor issues which do not reflect on quality/value:  noisy refrigerator near bed and no Windows - just a sliding door next to the bed. My boyfriend Scott and I had an amazing time staying at the Green House in JP.  The place is wonderful! We were so happy when we opened the door!  We arrived late, and Andree was leaving town early the next morning with her kids, so we never met.  The place was very quiet and private and delightful! Nathaniel and Jon were great hosts. Very accommodating and we appreciated had sharing of their apartment. They also allowed us to leave our bags there on the day we checked out and Jin then met us there before we went to the airport. The apartment is in a fantastic location in Back Bay. Beautiful views onto the Charles river and very close to excellent shopping &amp; dining options. Marina was always very prompt in dealing with any queries and went out of her way to accommodate requests. The apartment is very tastefully decorated and a really pleasant place to stay. So much more character than a hotel. Would not hesitate to book here again. Brij is a great host! promptly accepted the request and was very accommodating. Will plan to book the next stay here. Before we arrived, Terry had already welcomed our two friends who had come from Maine to meet us. All three (and Terry 's cat!) were in his apartment to greet us. Immediately, we felt at home in Terry's bright and comfortable living-room (refreshments provided); we made use of the impeccable facilities before heading out on foot for a meal nearby.\r\nThe following morning (Saturday), Terry took us on a walking tour of the neighbourhood - a park covering the Orange Line, past the Christian Science Center to the Prudential Center for breakfast (not good value!), then through the Back Bay Fens to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum (where we met again our Maine friends). All this time, Terry provided us with a relaxed and well-informed tour of the locality, pointing out social changes, schools, architecture etc. We discussed academic, social and political life in Boston and Ireland (on the day following a significant referendum, back home!) \r\nThat evening, Terry recommended a good Italian restaurant (excellent food, good value, but noisy!) nearby where we dined with our Maine friends, before taking an early(ish) night. \r\nIn the morning, there was no problem leaving our luggage in Terry's while we set out to explore Boston Common &amp; Beacon Hill before collecting a hired car, then back for our luggage and out of town ...\r\nThroughout, Terry was informative, helpful and charming. It would be hard to ask for more of our first AirBnB experience! Many thanks, Terry, from both of us! Staying in East Boston was a really practical way to see the city &amp; surrounding area - we could get to the airport easily on the odd occasion that we wanted to hire a car for longer trips, but easily got in and out of Boston on the 'T' for everything else we wanted to do. The house gave us room for everything we needed, with a good mix of adaptable living and sleeping space. Very welcoming help from Joan and Charlotte. Thanks. :-) Once we established the process, picking up the keys and checking in and out was very straightforward. Apartment has a great view of the Charles and is a short walk to Newbury St. A comfortable apartment in a perfect Back Bay location. Matt's apartment is spacious, comforty and has a lot of light. The neighborhood is the best! Subway is a 5 min walk and lots of great stores/restaurants nearby. I would definitely recommend this place to friends visiting Boston. Also loved the kitchen and the huge (oh my) TV. Matt was very nice. He always gave a very quick response to my questions. The place is maintained by his friend Nick, who is also nice. \r\n\r\nThe only tiny thing: the apartment is very dusty. I think people with astma/long problems should reconsider staying at this place. Personally the unit itself was very clean, and the bathroom pristine. Yes, the host does leave her dishes out overnight, but it is her home after all. Her dishes did not inconvenience me in anyways. Everything else was good and I really like the smell of her apartment! It has a sweet, fruity smell (: Did not have any problems with the smell of Subway downstairs wafting up. \r\n\r\nHowever, the walls of the place are really thin. The first night I stayed there Subway forgot to turn off their music and I was up all night listening to repeats of Let It Go. The third night the tenants upstairs were probably having a party and I could hear them talking, walking and stomping (what it seemed like to me) about. The earplugs that were provided did not really help. However, my boyfriend slept soundly throughout our entire stay. My advice is if you are sensitive, like me, this may not be the best place.\r\n\r\nAgain, this is not a hotel so do not expect to receive hotel class service. Alexandra is rather quiet, but she will gladly answer any questions you have. Shelly's place was just what we were looking for, a quiet bedroom to retire after our adventures in Boston during the day. Great bathrooms, a comfy bed, and everything as pictured.\r\n\r\nThe address is a little quirky, which caused trouble for our uber drivers, but if you're driving or taking public transit you won't have any problems. Bryan's place is well located and was exactly what I needed for a couple nights in Boston. Great apartment. This home was beautiful and so easily accessed with the subway just steps away.   If anyone is concerned, the subway's noises were barely noticeable, if at all.  Lauren made sure we were comfortable and knew how everything worked in the home.  We had plenty of room for all four of us and all our things.  Her recommendations for restaurants and points of interest were great.  We left our stay here feeling very grateful for the opportunity to stay here and, maybe, also feeling a little inspired by her sense of aesthetic and organization! Number one issue. Parking. Taskin has no protocol for multiple vehicles. After seeing another guest in the driveway, I was forced to park in the street where resident permits are required. I received a $50 parking violation. When I asked Taskin about it I received no reply from him.\r\n\r\nRoom is as shown I pictures. Very basic but clean with access to kitchen and wifi. Good location besides parking issues. The apartment was a decent place for a quick stay and a lot cheaper than hotels in the area. It was clean and there were plenty of restaurants within walking distance. The home in Malden was too full so Joe put me in another home of his in Somerville which is closer to Downtown Boston. So this is was a lucky turn if events for me.\r\nThere was a problem with the Wi-Fi but Joe promptly gave me access to another while the first got fixed. My father, two brothers and I stayed at Wendy's place over the weekend in order to go to a game at Fenway. Wendy's place was exactly as described in the profile and the place was immaculate upon arrival. I believe she has a dog that lives with her but you couldn't tell as there wasn't a hair to be found anywhere, which is great considering I am allergic! Her place was very close to Fenway and downtown. We found The central location superb and we would definitely rent from her again in the future. My experience was fine. I got what I expected and there were no problems with my stay. The host communicated well prior to our arrival a days once I texted her that we arrived she promptly showed up to let us in.  We were quite concerned with the neighborhood  when we arrived since there  were boarded up houses and it appeared to be a VERY run down area.  As we awaited her arrival we think  a drug deal was occurring  one house away.  The apartment was nice and as pictured however there was one ac unit for the entire apartment  and a lingering  odor of cigarette smoke.  Immediately after Sarah left we made some calls and found a safe hotel for our family to stay. Great stay! Listing was accurate, place looked just a nice as the photos, it was exactly what we needed. Andrew was vey quick to reply to any questions. Location was perfect for a walkable experience in Boston! Excellent accommodation, especially after a nightmarish stay at another place just before. Quiet, spotlessly clean, and the host was a delight to talk to (although mostly I had the place to myself). While I didn't get a chance to check out the area, it is extremely convenient to downtown Boston and the airport. I will gladly stay here again. Exactly as described. Small place with the necessities for a pleasant short stay in Boston. Convenient location to the hospitals. Tom was a nice guy, very friendly and accommodating. However, our room was double booked -- we got into Boston and to the apartment around 2am, just looking for a place to crash for a few hours. We were informed that we would have a back room near the kitchen. When we got to the room, someone was occupying it. Tom seemed to have no idea what was going on. He didn't have a grasp on how this incident had come about, and we were then put in a room of his \"partners.\" It was a place to stay; not much else. Easily stated a rip off for the amount it cost to sleep in a room for a few hours.\r\n\r\nWe felt bad for disturbing two people. It would be nice to be able to check into an apartment and know you have a room that is booked in your name, but we appreciate Tom for accommodating us regardless. A fabulous location with everything you need around you and well supplied  apartment itself. Very easy access. To all sites and public transport. Thanks Donna My boyfriend stayed in Alejandra's place. This is his feedback: \r\n\"Alejandra was the nicest host I've met on Airbnb. She's communicative, kind and always available. Her pets are adorable and very nice. The place is clean and cute, not too close to the subway but I don't mind a little walking. \r\nShe left me a welcome message and apparently this was her first experience with airbnb. I hope it was as good for her as it was for me.\" The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This place was very nice.? Sébastien was accommodating and allowed us to drop our bags off several hours before check in time.? He took the time to tell us about some cool things to do in the area and how to get around.? The flat was clean and as described.? Note: there are a ton of stairs here and the elevator doesn't reach this flat's level so if you are handicapable, or hate climbing 10 flights to get \"home\" then this place might not be right for you? Peter's listing was fabulous. The room was beautiful and we were able to park our car in a secure place. The train was extremely close by and we enjoyed our stay. The pets were also cute. Everything was fine. Afiyah was very nice, the room was as described. The longest I have stayed at the Carney's. How nice to have some downtime in Boston and have a great spot to stay in. Always the best. I am a \"frequent flyer\" at the Carney's Great place. We stayed here for the Boston Marathon.  It was a great location - you can walk from the Finish Line.  The apartment was also very close to Newbury with many restaurants and shops.  The apartment can comfortably fit 2-3 people.  There is a separate bedroom and then a sofa and air mattress for use in the living room.  It has been recently renovated with a nice kitchen and updated bathroom.  Nathan quickly responded to any questions and was a terrific host.  I would highly recommend this apartment when traveling to Boston! I came in Boston with my parents to visit, and we stayed three nights in this apt. Our stay was really pleasant!\r\nThe apt is well located because you can catch the Silver Line bus just in front of it. It is perfectly furnished with everything you need, and the modern decoration is great.\r\nIt is a perfect apt for 3 people visiting.\r\nSomething to improve: the A/C had just been installed in the room and the window had not been fixed so there was a hole which made the room really noisy (especially at night because the apt is on a crossroad with two major streets). That was actually annoying to be woken up by loud motorcycles at 4am??\r\nExcept for that, the apt was 100% perfect !\r\n I enjoyed my stay form check in to check out. I was comfortable and everything I needed was available in the apartment. My dog enjoyed being to close to Boston Common. There's also a great gourmet grocery store in walking distance with everything you need in the kitchen. The host canceled this reservation 29 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The loft apartment is located in a nice suburb of Boston, and very convenient for the T to the downtown area. Amy was very friendly and accommodating, even when we made some last-minute changes to the number of people in our group, and also ended up needing car parking which we had not arranged in advance. She also gave us a Charliecard (the card for the T system which gets you reduced fares for our whole group, when you load it with cash), which was really helpful, as it was not straightforward getting one quickly when you are only in town for a few days.\r\nThe apartment has a lovely small balcony to sit out and enjoy the sunshine too.\r\nAt the moment, Amy has some building work going on in the garden which means that the entrance to the property is a bit messed up, but it did not affect us once we were inside. The apartment is a good size for a couple (or at most, 3 people) if you don't need cooking facilities but I would not recommend having 4 people in it, as it is small. Stairways (it is on the 3rd floor) are very narrow, and you will struggle to get large cases upstairs! But overnight bags will be fine.\r\nBut it was a great base to explore the city, and very convenient for Fenway Park, as it is only a few stops away on the Green Line. A good value place for a short stay. Thanks, Amy! My stay was great! It was a sparse, but comfortable room: perfect if you just need somewhere to sleep prior to catching a flight. I was allowed to check out late and hang out in the wifi enabled common room, too! Lance and Shawn were awesome!\r\nWe stayed at the Victoria Condo after the initial property we contacted Lance for, was booked. My friends and I enjoyed the place a lot. More than enough room for six people. The neighborhood area we stayed in wasn't rated the best according to the locals but we differ. We met the neighbors and they were very friendly and the street is quite peaceful. Overall we had a nice time in Boston. The \"T\" is just walking distance into the city. Well how should I start...  I never met Hermina, because she had a sudden family emergency to attend in Armenia. Hope all is well! Her home is cozy and cute. We met one of the housemate left in charge. We didn't hang out much at the house, but when we were there it was quite and peace as the mornings were. The location to the T lines worked out great. Hop on and go anywhere. The neighborhood may seem a bit sketchy for non-city folks, but harmless. The people were limited of their English, but nice and helpful. We stay two nights. All and all after some mix up due to Hermina's sudden departure, worked out. We didn't need catering to, but if your in to that, then hope for her to be around. I've heard she's a charm. If you go, always remember to leave the key where you found it. That we learned the hard way. Thanks Hermina for offering your home to us. Best wishes. Great host, we.spent a lovely 4 days days in Boston. Cool city and host. During our time we didn't see a lot of Tim, however he was very helpful on arrival and informative of Boston. Comfortable living space, in an ideal location First i have to say that Alexandra is gentle and made us feel like home. It has been like we knew each other from a very long time.\r\nSecond, from a logistic standpoint, pubblic transportations are  well coupled with Alexanrda's house. This makes travelling donwntown very easy. The house is located in a fine Boston heritage area close to all facilities and downtown. Robert welcomed me and his assistant showed me my bedroom on the 4th floor. My comfortable bed was surrounded by an amazing collection of books and paraphenalia in a large room of 25 m?, such that I had 3 m? to get around. The washroom matched the standing of the house. I slept well that night. Alexandra was really accommodating upon our arrival. She arranged to give us the keys even if she was not at home when we arrived.\r\nShe also allowed us to us the laundry machine, which we really appreciated!\r\nThe room is exactly as on the picture. The beds were actually air mattresses, which we did not noticed while reading the add... The room and the bathroom were clean.\r\nThe two negative points are that 1) the air conditioning conducts directly opens in the room and the air conditioning sometimes starts in the middle of the night blowing cold air on your face and making a lot of noise and 2) that the smell of the Subway restaurant spreads in the whole apartment.\r\nOtherwise, the house was located close to the subway which was really convenient to go in town.  The neighborhood was great. There were some cafe and bars. There was also a supermarket close to the subway.\r\nIn my opinion, this place is nice for a short stay. Hermina is very nice &amp; accomodating.  And it's great to have folk from around the world visit during both my stays.  Hemina's artistic flair makes the decor enjoyable in all areas.  \r\n   There are numerous good-quality local eateries and the local supermarket, 3-minutes walk away, has dramatically improved its stock of quality &amp; produce &amp; packaged foods.  Hermina maintains a good variety of condiments, etc. for cooking &amp; eating at home.\r\n    The nearby \"T\" (subway) is only a couple stops farther from downtown than pricey west-end hotels would be; and the extra distance is elevated, offering a pleasant view of the south bayside and the neighborhoods.  Plus, Dorchester is a distinct neighborhood apart from downtown, and I found people to be friendly and much more \"open\" to conversation and direction-questions. I stayed at Christine's home for three (website hidden)'s very close to red line,there are  many shops near the apartment,the room is comfortable, Christine was a great hostess and  her dog is very friendly.I  recommend  her!!! Great experience for first time airbnb user.  Although I never personally saw host, contact information was always made available if needed.  Everything was as described.  Enjoyed all the modern amenities and cool location.  So close to Fenway, we had to see a game.  Met a Red Sox player after the game going up in the elevator.  Kinda cool.  Lots of services across the street.  I would stay at this location again or at any of the hosts other properties when traveling. Melissa was a great host.  She left detailed information about the neighborhood and things to do around town.  The apartment is cozy (small bathroom) but very comfortable and in a fantastic hilly area.  The apartment is centrally located, walking distance to Boston Commons and Cambridge.  Overall it was a great place to stay for a quick weekend trip. This was my first experience renting a home as opposed to a hotel. I was so nervous but that quickly left when I arrived at Marian's home. It was SO comfortable, so spacious, clean, well equipped kitchen had everything you needed. You could tell there was a lot of thought that went into providing comfort for her guests. The location is great as well. walking distance to whole foods, restaurants etc. We will be staying here again the next time I am visiting my grandchildren. Love this apartment, love the location. Everyone in the complex was so friendly and welcoming toward us during our stay! The place had everything we needed, but nothing more... What you see is what you get. Great for a \"home base\" to rest our heads at night while we were running around town seeing family. This was my first AirBnB experience and I'm afraid Ken and Jez have set the bar very high!  My son and I stayed only 1 night and had an early flight out in the morning.  Jez and Ken welcomed us to their beautiful home, and actually sat with us to hear about our travels in Boston and Cape Cod.  They are incredible hosts - very friendly, helpful, and easy to relate to.  One of their cats, Winston, thinks he's a dog!  He greeted us and immediately became my son's best buddy for the evening.  \r\n\r\nTheir home was spotless, the bed was amazing (I slept like a baby), and the location was simply perfect for getting to or from the airport.  I had a rental car - their parking was ideal and it was a 5-minute drive to the rental car return.  \r\n\r\nThey have thought of everything for AirBnB visitors.  They had towels and shampoos laid out when we arrived, a space for us in the fridge with juice and yogurts, an alcove with a Keurig coffee maker, toaster, etc. and fruit for breakfast.  We left the house at 5 am and they were both up to help us out and say good-bye.\r\n\r\nI wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to anyone.  They are the perfect hosts!  I hope I have an opportunity to return and stay with them on a future visit. Anthony's place is excellent! Location is brilliant right in the North End and close to everything that is Boston.\r\n\r\nAnthony is also a brilliant host. I arrived quite late and he waited around to explain everything and gave lots of excellent suggestions. \r\n\r\nWould definitely  stay there again!! Paul is a sweet heart. He is a fine young man with a gentle loving spirit. He picked us up from the airport when we arrived and on the day we were leaving Boston, he delivered our luggage to the NorthEnd Metro station so we didn't have to drag them thru different Metro transfers. His apartment is very tastefully decorated. The apartment is just a few minutes walk from a Metro Station, so is very convent. I would recommend anyone who needs a place for few days while in Boston to stay with Paul. The apartment was at a very prime location on Newbury st with easy access to restaurants and shops and the room is very spacious and clean. Ryan was warm and welcoming. I would definitely come back again for my future visit in Boston! Curtis' place was pretty good! We arrived late but he prepared everything we needed.  We never saw Curtis in person so I'd like to think he was a ninja watching out for us in the shadows. The place was quiet clean and comfortable, having 3 bed was awesome. The neighborhood was not the best but since Curtis' sister lives in the apartment below it made everything better. What can we say, stay at Ray's. Seriously, the place, location and host were all perfect for us. We wanted to stay in JP (Jamaica Plain), and Ray's place is in the heart of it (we're looking at you FoMu and City Feed &amp; Supply). We wanted to be near bicycle paths, and Ray's place is close to Hubway bike rentals and both the Jamaica Pond path (go for sunset) and the Southwest Corridor path (picking it (email hidden)ation). We also wanted public transport options, and Ray's place is near both the Orange line (Green St) or the 39 bus (very close). We wanted a comfortable and cozy stay, and we slept really well in the comfortable bed with options of ceiling fan or AC. We wanted an easy going and like-minded host, and Ray not only made it easy for us to be self-sufficient but he also was happy to engage with us on a range of topics from yoga and the barter economy to sugar addiction and bands of all sorts. After such great conversations, we found ourselves playing 6 Degrees of Ray -- we hit 2 degrees. Thanks, Ray! Awesome place and fantastic host. Definitely stay again I ever going to Boston again! I was staying 2 nights with my friends whom came from Taiwan. It's very convenient location. The host canceled this reservation 18 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Camera molto confortevole, ospiti gentili il mio giudizio positivo, tornerei sicuramente da loro Kayla was a friendly and hospitable host with an easygoing attitude. Great location for those who want to get around the heart of Boston (e.g. Prudential, Newbury St., Fenway) easily. The apartment was lovely and exactly as listed, we especially enjoyed the rooftop terrace! The neighbourhood was quiet but also not too far from anything. We didn't see Edward much but the times we did he made us feel very welcome. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great studio apartment! Conveniently located near restaurants, coffee shops and transportation. Frank was always available if we had any questions. This place was great.  It was easy to find, easy to check in and centrally located.  We would stay here again.  We have two children and the spacious 2 bedroom accommodated the 4 of us easily.  \r\n\r\nJason also hosted several people who were renting to a rooftop cookout and 4th of July fireworks show.  Great experience for the entire family (even the teenager had fun). Pengfei was very accommodating. The location is super close to where I needed to be, and there are a bunch of places to eat within a short distance. Richard runs a very professional operation, but with a hart. The quality is very high: from the soap (we liked the roses scent very much) to the kitchen equipment and silverware the quality is excellent. The apartment is located in a very beautiful green area in the south end. We only would have liked a little bit more space, as the apartment is rather smallish. If you are looking to stay in Boston, STAY HERE! Andrea's urban oasis truly is that: an oasis. Away from the hustle and bustle of the 15 minute train ride to downtown lies her beautiful house. It's amazing. Andrea is so nice and accommodating. She is there every time you need her. Jamaica Plain is a fun a quirky area with a lot to see and do. We can't wait to stay here again. We felt very welcomed with items stocked in the refrigerator and cupboard, pamphlets and guidebooks.  It was a very quiet neighborhood, restful and easy to get to the transit system.  There were good restaurants nearby.  Our host was very accommodating. George was great.  Greeted me in the lobby to give me a key and gave me a tour of the place.  Beautiful place with an awesome view of the water.  Would definitely stay there again. Apartment is in great location! Alan left easy instructions for coming and going. It had everything we needed aside from a working oven. Thank you again! Katharine and Scott were great hosts for us. We stayed only one night but were able to connect with them immediately so our conversations seemed like good friends talking. The house was tucked away with a yard around it, in an otherwise busier neighborhood. It feels like a sanctuary in the hedges. Breakfast was really good! thanks Scott. I can't say enough how grateful I am to have had the experience of staying at Soledad and Rodrigo's place.  I arrived in Boston at 6am on the morning of the Boston Lockdown.  Even though we were not supposed to check in until 2pm, Soledad welcomed us graciously at 8:30am so we wouldn't have to be on the streets during the manhunt while public transport was shut down.  She made the best of a difficult situation, and never made us feel unwelcome.  Plus, the apartment itself was homey and very pleasant.  I really felt that they went above and beyond to make sure everything was in order and comfortable for our elongated stay.  I would recommend this place to every single one of my friends/family. This small room in Beacon Hill was everything I needed for my 5 night stay in Boston. The location is great - only a 5-10 minute walk to either Charles MGH or Park St. on the red line and green lines. Key pickup and drop-off was extremely easy and convenient with after-hour pick up assistance.\r\n\r\nThanks, Tiffany! Great location, average apartment. The north end is a gorgeous area with the best Italian food on your doorstep. The apartment is quite tight but that's typical for the area I think. I found it somewhat complicated dealing with an agency rather than an individual for this rental, Dror was responsive but when I tried to see if an early check in would be possible I left a message with the agency and on the machine of Gael the super and got no response back. The apartment was somewhat rundown, the coffee pot was cracked and while perfectly adequate, it wasn't the cleanest airbnb I've stayed in. Good air con though! The apartment was extremely comfortable and although Terry was not around himself when we arrived, the apartment had low lights left on and looked very welcoming.  No complaints at all. Nice, practical and efficient, would recommend for a short stay in central Boston. The apartment was definitely true to the photos and to it's write-up.  It was clean and well-appointed although we didn't take advantage of the kitchen facilities.  There are so many places to eat out in Boston, we didn't bother with trying to feed ourselves.\r\nThe location was great.  There are bus lines and subway stations very close by and the neighbourhood was comfortable to walk around with a coffee shop just steps away.\r\nThe host was very helpful and solicitous to our needs and responded quickly to questions before our arrival.  We did not meet her but the instructions for getting into the apartment and for the use of facilities in the apartment were clear.\r\nI would recommend this accommodation with no qualms.  I slept in the foldout \"chair\" in the office space for 5 nights--very comfortable it was. Good communication and very accommodating. Jose was quick to answer any questions and even let us check in earlier than agreed upon. The apartment looks even better in person -- very spacious and lots of natural light. The location is wonderful, too. I highly recommend this apartment!! I didn't meet Izzy, but his brother is so nice! We talked about our experience in university and watched a football game together with another airbnber. He also recommended me some restaurants in the neighborhood. \r\nThe room is nice, a little bit small but worth the price. I could find almost everything I need. The location of the house is also good, close to the train station and just a few minutes walk. YuChen was a good host. My brother and I stayed with him in Boston for two nights in summer 2015. Arrival and departure were smooth and YuChen welcomed us with a cold drink! The room had a fan rather than AC, but that was fine for us. We were able to use the kitchen for cooking and there were good transport links to central Boston and Cambridge. I would recommend YuChen's apartment if you needed somewhere to stay while visiting Boston. Great location, wonderful house with a fantastic kitchen if needed. Hassle-free communication with the host. This was my first experience with airbnb and it could not have been better.  Ravi was incredibly helpful, the apartment was in an amazing location and this really made our trip to Boston. The apartment was a bit cold, however with winter in Boston this was to be expected. I would heartily recommend both his apartment and him! Was travelling alone and this was just perfect. Was warm, shower worked well and the place had everything I needed. \r\n\r\nSean had everything set up, he was also friendly and responded quickly during the booking stage. While I was in Boston he was available if I had a problem with anything, which I didn't. \r\n\r\nThe street the apartment is on is quiet, and there are supermarkets, bars, subway etc nearby. \r\n\r\nAll in all a very good deal. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Everything was exactly as described.  Peter and Stella were great and made us feel welcome immediately.  We had our 5 month old puppy with us and he was greeted by Buck (the dog) who was happy to share his place.  Thank you so much for everything. Great spot walking distance to food, drink, and short bus ride to Ashmont T. I did not get to meet Lyndsay, but she gave me restaurant suggestions and was flexible on the check in time, very much appreciated. The room was as pictured and described, the bed was comfortable. The neighborhood was in walking distance to the airport shuttle at the Blue T-station. The places was exactly what I needed, convenient to the airport and local transportation, WiFi internet a bed and a shower. I would recommend it to anyone else needing a place to stay that does not want to pay the high Boston hotel prices! My first visit to Boston made easy by Michelle.   \r\nI arrived late and she took excellent care of me.   Making sure my stay was as pleasant as possible even though I was away a lot.   She replied to my txt msg on anything and even drove me to catch my plane when the taxi didn't show up in the morning.  ( I feel terrible about that since it was 6 am in the morning). Michelle insisted.   She is a genuine Bostoner and as kind as they get I can only assume?   \r\nRoxbury is not down town but close enough.  The flat is spacious an shared with two other apartments.   No conflicts what so ever.  Michelle is a decent baker and although you should not expect it, she might leave a cake or a pie or just something for you to nibble on.   Good place of you will be spending some time in the Longwood mefical area.   \r\nMany thanks Michelle,  I appreciate your hospitality. From the bedroom to the bathroom and kitchen, the supreme level of cleanliness of Doug's residence rivals that of a number of hotels I have stayed at in the past. The commute to and from his location is a little bit tricky since you generally will need to transfer to a bus to get there, but that is more than made up for by the fact that it is a brilliantly quiet neighbourhood and one that gives you a look into a side of residential Boston altogether skipped by tourists. Being the thorough individual that he is, Doug gave me a compete orientation upon arrival about the amenities at his place and everything I needed to know to get in and out of the area. His instructions for catching the bus to the subway and vice versa were clear and concise, and even coming back all the way from Allston to his place at 11:45pm was a breeze. I regret that I only was in town for one evening and did not get a chance to know Doug better, but he was truly friendly and very accommodating throughout my brief stay. Allison's apartment was great--very clean and located in a great neighborhood close to public transportation (and the beach!). We would definitely stay here again. The reservation was canceled 13 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I have now stayed with Marc at 315-A on several occasions and remain impressed with Marc's commitment to maintaining a clean and welcoming living space. Aside from Marc's personal space, the gym on the 20th floor is more than adequate and the common area complete with access to outdoor grills, big screen TVs, and a quality pool table make staying here a no brainer. Definitely a 5 star host and 5 star accommodations. I rent Christina's flat for 5 night for a scientific meeting My boss and me attended in Boston.\r\nIt is very comfortable, spacious and clean with bed and toilet linen, brochure about Boston and all the possible  information you need inside the flat.\r\nThe neighborhood is nice and not dangerous, the flat is near to Prudential centre and Back Bay. Boston is small and in few minutes you could reach every historical o commercial sites by subway or on walk. I'm happy about my choise!\r\nThank Christina I shared a common space with a delightful family from China, an airline pilot, his wife (working on a PhD at Harvard), their new baby, and the wife's parents. We shared stories and they were ever so kind and considerate.\r\n\r\nSoledad went out of her way to be accommodating. Since I live in Mexico, I usually stock up on hard to get items when I visit the US. Soledad took 2 hrs. of her own personal time to take me around to various stores, which I never would have found on my own!\r\n\r\nI found the room quite comfortable, good cross ventilation, a ceiling fan, and adequate lighting. The place itself was very clean and everything in good repair. I would definitely stay here again, and would highly recommend it to anyone else :&gt;) A wonderful place to stay in Boston! I definetely would like to stay there again! The host was gone the whole time while I was there but he was very accommodating. Nice quiet neighborhood with a 25 minute walk to the green line. The room was quiet and the location was nice.  Good place to stay for a night or two in Boston. The listing was absolutly accurate, and the photos don't do the place justice - we had a great stay, the location is spot on. The place was clean, tidy and had everything we could need, the beds were extremely comfortable. Can't recommend this place enough. Ray was a lovely host. He greeted us in his apartment in Jamaica Plaid to show us around. The listing includes a private room in his apartment, everything else is shared with the host. We hardly see each other afterwards because of our busy schedule, nonetheless he works nearby is available via phone all the times if necessary. \r\n\r\nJamaica Plaid is a nice neighborhood with lots of restaurants and cafes. It is great for outdoor activities (nearby Jamaica Pond) and not to far from the city center (25-35min using the bus or subway). \r\n\r\nCouldn't imaging a better place to stay. We highly recommend staying at Sam's lovely brownstone apartment. When we arrived, she had everything set up to meet our needs. She had bagels, cream cheese, and beer in the refrigerator to greet us. In addition, she provided us with toiletries and information regarding parking and transportation. The description of the apartment was accurate and the neighborhood was conveniently located. There was a  Whole Foods supermarket up the block as well as Dunkin Donuts.  The subway was across the street and to our surprise was not loud at night. The stay was just perfect! Beautiful room and relaxed atmosphere! Will definitely stay again. I had to change the date of our stay and Barney was more than accommodating. Meghan was an awesome host and staying in her home while in Boston was an absolute pleasure.  Her home is filled with beautiful objects and art which makes it a charming and welcoming space.  She also thought of every detail to make our stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible.  From the simple light breakfast and coffee she set out for us in the morning to suggestions on places that we should visit ....everything was perfect! The host wasn't there for the duration of my stay, and it needs to be pointed out that this is a listing for a room in a house that functions to all intents and purposes like a hostel, when I stayed the five rooms (all for air bnb) were each being let out, mostly to couples. With there being only one bathroom, and couples being annoying, this was a little overbearing and it wasn't quite clear in the air bnb advert that the listing is more of a boarding house. \r\n\r\nThat being said, it was an exceptional time of the year (NYE) and I can't fault the room itself or the house facilities. The kitchen was a joy to use and I felt comfortable cooking there. It was warm and the bed was comfortable and private. The other people staying were very nice and all travelling through from different parts of the world. If you are looking for a social experience more similar to a hostel, this is for you. Also great for couples. \r\n\r\nThe neighbourhood is surprisingly friendly and nice for an airport locale, with a giant supermarket a pleasant and short walk away, some restaurants and the ubiquitous Dunkin' Donuts. \r\n\r\nAll in all a useful spot to know and I would consider returning if I was in the Boston area and wanted somewhere that was specifically close the airport. Ravi was a great man and his apartment was located at the best location in Boston. We went to Fenway Park to see Red Sox game and we could just walked back to Ravi's apartment. Copley station was the nearest T station and just a few minutes away. We had a great time here. Thanks, Ravi. We loved Boston. great neighborhood, host was wonderful, description of property as described..... We arrived the day after Boston Marathon, so the mood of the city was very sad. However, Kim appartment was a shelter in this city and we loved her place. It is as described in the picture in the most beautiful street in Back Bay (hence in Boston), very close to Newbury Street, Whole Food Markets is a few blocks away. \r\nThis place was charming and despite the events, we had a great time in Boston thanks to Kim.\r\nMoreover, for a foreigner having a phone line on which you can be called from the outside is clearly an asset.\r\nKim was wonderful with us and sent us the keys of her appartment to another airbnb host before our arrival (as we were away from our home), we was very responsive, very nice and was very worried about us given the events.\r\nI would definitely recommend Kim and her appartment to anyone!\r\n The reservation was canceled 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sean was a fantastic host! He was responsive and communicated well. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in the studio. Coffee shops and stores nearby. Public transportation is just a short walk away. You can get around Boston from the apt with such ease! I will definitely check this place out again when I make my way back to Boston! Shelley made it very easy to reach the house. She was quick in answering questions on phone and email. I had to catch T and the station was at a 6 min walk. The bus stop is also very near to the house. There are lot of eating joints nearby so no problem at late nights as well. Very good experience and one of the best places I've stayed in. Not one of the best days in terms of weather but it was relaxing to be able to just stay in for the night and watch movies. The cat was the best part. Pros: Very good location\r\nCons: Host was not responsive at all. Did not leave instructions despite my repeated emails &amp; calls. When we showed up at the door we still had not received instructions on how to get the key. Internet was not working &amp; was not fixed during our stay. We requested for a 3rd bed and the host promised to send sheets, etc. over by night time. However, when we got home at 9-10 pm the sheets were still not there and we had to call Sean again. Place was not well maintained. Soledad was really kind. Even though we just met her on our last day, she guided us through our stay with kind notes. The apartment was nice decorated and we met nice people. Our room was big enough and everything was really clean. Only the bed was for us tall Germans a bit small. But all in all we have to stay that we had a fantastic stay in Boston. Everything about this apartment was fantastic.  The location was perfect, the front desk staff went over the top to make sure our stay was special.  I would definitely stay here again, and would recommend this apartment to everyone.  A perfect location to experience Boston.  We bumped into an employee of Churchill who was extremely friendly and showed a lot of concern for our apartment.  He wanted our stay to be perfect. Joe couldn't have done enough for me. I booked at the last minute, he helped me with my bags, sorted out a few necessities, great customer service. Exactly what I expected...great location, clean apartment, and Sean was very accommodating. The overall experience was positive. We were rather disappointed with this accommodatiion. The host did not even meet us, but left rather complicated instructions to access the keys to the apartment.  We did not meet the host at all during our stay, or even hear from him as to how we were getting on.  The apartment was somewhat shabby, and not really like the image indicated, as this only showed a small corner of one room.  The kitchen was tiny, and although quite well equipped, it badly needed redecoration and a good clean. In addition, the apartment backed onto a yard with three dumpsters, and on 4 occasions we were awakened early in the morning by the noise of the dumpsters being emptied. The house/room is very good in terms of both location (2/3 mins by foot to T) and interior. Also Nathan takes good care and helped me move in. Excellent stay.  My in-laws have often used AirBnB when coming to visit and they felt that Damon's place was one of the best that they have stayed in.  Highly recommended. disgusting, disappointed, dirty. The two matress were disgusting and uncomfortable. The bathroom I can't explain it. In the fridge was some old food. Before we arrive we inform Sean that we would like to use the two beds. When we arrive, we dont find sheets for the seconf bed and we ask Sean what can we do, and he say we can go to find him somewhere and he can give us all what we need. This is service? The idea of Airbnb is \"feel like at home\", but here I can only say \"better go to the hostel/hotel\". I can't recommend it. If you read the comments from other peolple you find that a lot of them say the same like me. I felt welcomed and picture is just as described. Perfect place to sleep after going sight seeing Boston. 10-15 minute walk from the Orange line made it convenient and it is also about a 15-20 min subway ride to Quincy market. Joe left the keys where he said he was going to leave them and everything went smooth. Good communication. Perfect place for an economic budget, will definitely stay again. Franklin was a great host and very communicative in the lead up to our stay. The location of the apartment was excellent and it was exactly as it appears in the photos. The woman who is the permanent resident/renter was there to welcome us. She was friendly and showed us around. This is a very plain apt. - no frills - and the neighborhood is somewhat seedy, but not dangerous. Many homes have peeling paint, trash in back yards, things in disrepair, weeds growing in sidewalk. Molly and Ben are everything and MORE that you could hope for in a host!  They are a bright, delightful couple who are eager to make your stay in Boston a memorable one.  The bedroom and private bathroom is immaculate and they made us feel right at home.  There is a small refrigerator with breakfast items (eggs, cereals, fruit, juices, yogurt, tea, toast, jams).  They are a short walk to the Maverick Station on the Blue Line, making it easy to get just about anywhere.  They helped us get discount tickets to the P-town ferry and to the Aquarium.  We would stay with them in a heartbeat!  Thanks, Ben &amp; Molly!!! Thoroughly enjoyed our time in this wonderful house and had the pleasure of meeting Robin &amp; Victoria.\r\nHad never done Airbnb before and the concept of letting yourself in and making yourself at home seemed a little strange to begin with, however Robin kept us informed via text.\r\nThe area is great for eating and exploring and has a real community spirit. Transport links are also good. Would definitely stay here again. I stayed with Irina for 4 nights, the apartment is perfect, and very homely. Irina was also a great host, we spent time talking about things to do in the city, places to eat, and she showed me some great views of the city at night. I had a brilliant time in the city and it was made even better by the great Accomodation and host. Thanks Irina! Susan was *extremely* rude to my girlfriend and I. She did not inform me that there would be construction during our stay - she did, however, demand that I pay her an extra $20/night in cash. When I declined, she incessantly harassed us; it got to the point that we had to leave one night early (despite already having paid) and we would have contacted the local authorities were it not for help from the AirBNB trust and safety team. If she makes a similar demand from you, do NOT oblige it - report her to AirBNB and leave *immediately* The room was clean and it was big, it's near to the bus and subway. We met Taskin and he helped us without problem with our duds my stay was really comfortable...i felt completely at home ....beats staying at a hotel. very easygoing and considerate host. thanks brendan Was really disappointed with the state of the apartment...there were dirty underwear on the sofa, all the sheets were piled on the floor and since we got in so late, we didnt have time to wash them.  We werent even sure if they were clean or not.  No hand soap in the bathroom, a box of toilet paper in the middle of the living room.  \r\n\r\nAwesome location, a fine apartment, just pretty rude to leave it like that for paying guests. Will and Coli were very communicate before the trip and extremely welcoming when I arrived. They are friendly and helpful, and the room is clean with a private bath. I would not hesitate to stay here again! This was my first experience with Airbnb and it was good. The apartment is in a good location. T and bus stop are only 5 minutes away and going to places couldn't be easier. Kate is such a great host. She was very accomodating - easy check-in and check-out, she even took my for a little tour around the area! Staying at Susan and Steve's cottage was a lovely experience! My husband and I were in town visiting Cambridge. The cottage is quaint and well-appointed, and conveniently located to  everything.  Susan and Steve welcomed us as old friends. What a fun vacation! Terrible room.\r\nDon't go there... Room was clean enough, however outside the room was a mess with plates piled high, trash on the floor probably from his other 3 roommates. Bathroom had dirty towels everywhere. Location is good, host friendly. This was the first time I've left a rental midway through a trip. I left and paid MORE to stay in a hotel. I wish I would have seen the most recent review at the time I booked this place (the review posted very recently and I book a couple months ago), because I never would have booked the stay.\r\n\r\nEverything in the previous review by Gang is 100 percent accurate. Bare in mind this language barrier, he's speaking to the sounds the heater made rather than the AC. The heater made incredibly loud and awful sounds all night long. While I'm grateful it was turned on, I couldn't sleep at all because of the rattling and shrieking coming from the baseboard unit right next to the bed and in the nearby kitchen. \r\n\r\nAlso, the lighting is completely off in the photos provided. The space is very dark. Additionally, there was salt from the recent snow tracked through the entire place and a bag of dirty laundry by the door. I was very uncomfortable with the idea that someone/a company was coming by to pick up this dirty laundry while I was there. I ended up carrying all of my luggage with me to a conference because I had no idea who had the keypad code to this place.\r\n\r\nThe bed is terribly uncomfortable and, for the current temperatures of 10 degrees at night, there is insufficient bedding available. You're told specifically in the host instructions not to take any additionally bedding from the closet... despite the THIN \"comforter\" provided. The bed is no better than a pull-out couch with a metal bar in your back.\r\n\r\nI was so uncomfortable and unhappy with this listing, I stayed one night and left the next day for a hotel. I paid TWICE because I didn't want to stay there. Michelle seemed like a lovely woman and I can see why people would enjoy her company. However I felt as though there was a discrepancy with the photos of the room and the actual room. The room was extremely dusty and dirty despite Michelle saying that the place is \"professionally cleaned\". I found quite a few dead bugs in the room that should've been cleaned up. There was also a lot of flies, spiders, and centipedes in the room. The sink and the tub was constantly plugged and the water would always fill up even as I was just brushing my teeth. There were brown stains on the bottom of the tub and the shower was extremely slow. I had to wash my hair by dumping buckets of water on my head. On top of the hygiene factor, I also found that the area was unsafe. Upon arrival I already saw a bunch of men under house arrest hanging around our area and they gave myself and my friend quite a hard time by following us around and catcalling us. This happened over the next few days - being followed and being called extremely nasty things. After some investigation, I also found that a man was shot/stabbed repeatedly just a few blocks away from Michelle's home. That made me feel extremely uncomfortable and unsafe, and I actually had to book a hotel for the last night. Although everyone's tolerance for hygiene and safety is different, I found it unbearable to stay even one more night at Michelle's home. We had a wonderful stay in this place and felt really at home after a few hours. Everything has been clean an tenderly arranged, all technical things including wifi worked without any dropout, and the location of this place is outstanding. Also any neighbors that passed by are very friendly. The description was accurate and the neighborhood and place were both great! We only wish that the shower drain hadn't been slightly clogged and that the internet had been stronger. Staying at Ben's South Boston condo was fun. The rooftop deck was exceptional.  Ben was always accessible and made sure everything was ok.  The neighborhood was great - with many young professionals.  The condo exceeded out expectations, and would stay there again. Great place to stay. The three bedrooms were all actual bedrooms.  Plenty of space, solid internet, clean. And there wasn't any \"home clutter\" which I appreciate. :-)\r\n\r\nJon was also a great host and mailed back a button down shirt that a colleague left behind. Really appreciated the responsiveness of the host and the simplicity of the check-in and check-out. These guys are dope. We arrived very late due to airline delays, and our hostess graciously re-arranged her schedule to check us into the apartment. Our communication with her before and during the visit was excellent. The unit has all the amenities you will need and is located near restaurants and nightlife. We visited on college graduation weekend and were lucky to find this place with everything else booked up! If I could give Sean a 0, I would. I wouldn't recommend this stay to anyone given the hassle it was for us to stay the night. First of all, if you have questions when you arrive don't expect him to answer his phone or respond in any way. When we arrived we had to drive around for two hours trying to find parking, I had to ask 3 locals where was appropriate to park for that apartment because he did not respond. After finally getting a parking spot, it being 10pm, we followed his instructions to get the key but the key was not where it should have been. He asked us to drive to him to get the key after finding the parking spot. We had to wait for Sean to bike a half hour to give us the key, we didn't get in till 11. The room was decent but the bathroom was much smaller than expected, and could use a good scrub. \r\n*ALSO, at 10am a couple walked right into our room because they also had a key to our room, and later when we returned to get our things they were in our room again. \r\nTerrible stay. Air condition and wifi were terrible also home was so dirty Had a terrible time communicating to the host. Msgs sent on airbnb for directions came back with a standard copy paste even more confusing directions in broken English. Email sent to host email address bounced and texts were never responded. Calls rarely attended or returned.\r\n\r\nI had to take this place just for a night and I took this place due to the proximity to my meeting place. I managed to land at the door and while on taxi I called Robert to update him that am on the way and the response I got was \"ok\"\r\n\r\nWhen I landed there I was searching for the door number and then a guy came out from the basement and was kind enough to take the bags to the third or fourth floor of the building. Thankfully it was a small bag else it will be a disaster in that narrow, dingy steps with thousands of books on the sides. Some scary antique stuff as well. It was like a museum. The room was not shown as advertised. The room and bathroom seemed much smaller. There was no kitchen sink, one of the towels provided still smelled like BO, the shower had mold growing on the tiles and the bathroom was much smaller. The bed and comforter provided had stains on them. It resembled a college dorm room. The only good thing about our stay was that we did not have to stay in that room for more than 5 hours. The area it self was nice. Close to the train and Northeastern University.