My daughter and I had a wonderful stay with Maura. She kept in close touch with us throughout the day as we weren't arriving til later in the evening. The room was charming and the whole apartment was very warm and eclectic. She asked us what time we'd like breakfast and laid out a very nice spread. Right down the street from Jamaica Pond and very close to Center St. as well. All in all, great experience! We stay at Elizabeth's place for 3 nights in October 2014.\r\nThe apartment is really a great place to stay. \r\nLovely decorated and extremely well located. Very close to Back Bay station if you come by train, and close also to the subway and just a nice walk from the city center. \r\n\r\nI would say that is better that what you appreciate in the pictures\r\nAlso the bed is very confortable.\r\nSo really it was an optimal choice for us. Tom was very welcoming and available for easy access into the condo. It was just lovey and looked just like the pictures posted. We found the location to be very convenient to the city,  quiet, and perfect. Overall, our trip was most enjoyable. Thanks Tom. Totally accurate pictures and descriptions.  A fun place to stay in the North End.  Great bed, very clean, very user friendly!  I would stay here again. Shelley was so nice and helpful. I could tell that this wasn't her first rodeo when it comes to renting out her space. She was really well prepared for guests and ready/willing to answer any questions we had. I also really enjoyed her sweet cats. The tiger/grey one was so sweet, almost dog-like. The room was cozy and comfy, there were an ample amount of fresh towels, and the water pressure in the shower was really nice. I would equate the neighborhood to Crown Heights/East Flatbush in Brooklyn -- not as clean as Brooklyn Heights, but not particularly dangerous. Easy access to the T. Cute, old home that I would highly recommend to friends. Casey was super friendly, the place was very cozy and comfy! She did everything in her ability to make my stay enjoyable and it was! Zoey being super fluffy and adorable is a definite plus. I had a great time at Christine's.\r\nThe place was spacious, well decorated and as noted earlier, perfectly located.\r\n\r\nThe communication and check in/out instructions were effective.  \r\n\r\nI'd absolutely recommend Christine's place and stay again, if she'd have me. I had an amazing stay at Miriam's place! The studio apt is private, adorable and has everything you need! Great location and great flexible hosts! I'd most certainly stay here again! Great location, very close to Park Street station and Boston Common. Clean and exactly as illustrated in the picture. Great views of Boston skyline from the roof deck. Henry and Lisa were super accommodating and messaged me about one week prior to my stay to organise what time I could pick up the keys. Henry met me and my family in the apartment lobby, showed us around and made sure we had everything we needed. Would highly recommend. Our stay in Laurie's apt was very comfortable and convenient. This was a last minute reservation and she was very quick to respond to all of our inquiries. The location is very convenient and with a beautiful view of the city. Parking is easy to find and restaurants and nightlife are withing walking distance. My family and I enjoyed our weekend at this very clean and comfortable apartment.  The unit was stocked with necessary items and the porch was an added benefit that we didn't expect.  The host was very responsive anytime I reached out with a question.  I've stayed in other vacation rentals and this was by far the best experience I've ever had. Very pleasant neighborhood and charming house. The hosts were very nice and quick to respond to texts/emails. It was a great base for us to explore Boston - a quick walk or Hubway bike to the metro station. It was very comfortable room and neighbourhood is very convenient, I spend great 3days. I couldn't meet Jade, but I appreciate so much.\r\nHope to stay again when I visit boston ! Everything was great.  A stunning location, spacious, quiet, clean room with an incredible view overlooking the city.  George even went the extra mile, providing travel literature in-room, along with drinking glasses, and a few other essentials for use during our stay.  The location itself is amazing as well, right in the heart of Boston, within easy walking distance of just about everything you could possibly want to see and do.  George was really helpful and provided several useful tips for our stay as well. Overall a good experience. This home was in a good location and the city was easy to get to. Everything in the home worked well especially the air conditioning for the hot days. The block was quiet for the most part in a decent area and there was always a parking spot out front for us. I suggest this listing to anyone that plans on spending sometime in Boston. Also Terry was good, he let us be and replied ASAP whenever we had a question. Juliet is a very caring and energetic host.  She responded to our wishes promptly and went beyond our expectations to make sure that we were comfortable during our stay.  Juliet's home is beautiful as well as immaculate.  It was very convenient for us to go into Boston once we acquainted ourselves with the transit system.  Roslindale is a quiet and cozy community.   We would definitely recommend Juliet's home to others who would wish to rent it. It's a decent room with great location. I would recommend it to anyone. Michelle's apartment was fantastic! There are so many positives about this place: location, size, amenities both in the apartment and nearby. I utterly enjoyed my stay and it proved to be an ideal spot for discovering Boston; the 's very close to public transportation and bike sharing. The room was comfortable, tidy and much more spacious than expected. On top of that, sheets, towels and everything else you need were included. \r\nI also delighted in chatting and sharing stories with my flat mates and my welcoming host. I loved our baking session!\r\nWhat more can I say? It was perfect. Definetely recommended! Danielle was a great host with a wealth of local knowledge that really made a positive impact on my stay in Boston.  The accommodations were as good as advertised and the short walk to the T station was a huge bonus.  Everything was clean and cozy and Danielle saw to seemingly every detail. Coffee, tea, towels, shampoo, ironing board, restaurant advice, and homemade cookies were all part of the experience.\r\n\r\nI will definitely look Danielle up on my next trip to Boston.\r\n\r\n It is exactly as advertised.  He provides a bedroom (as pictured) in his 2 bedroom apartment, which is the second floor of a 3 floor walkup, about 10 minute walk from the subway and 20 minute subway from downtown.  He is super friendly and happy to give advice about how to enjoy the city.\r\n\r\nThe apartment has a full kitchen (fridge, toaster, and oven/stove) and washer and dryer (though we didn't use any of this).\r\n\r\nThere are also 2 balconies (again we didn't use these, but they looked nice).\r\n\r\nThe place has wifi and free street parking (note you have to be careful which side of the street you park on Thursday because of street cleaning rules).\r\n\r\nIf you are looking for luxury accomodations, this isn't it.  However if you are (like my fiance and I were), looking for very reasonably priced, simple accomodations with free parking and wifi, and easy accesibility to the subway, this is it.  As a bonus, Jesse was very easy to communicate with and always responded to messaged within an hour or so. Excellent location. Close to everything. Very clean, enjoyed the place very much The flat is perfect. It was very comfortable and clean, the subway is just  10 min walk. Soledad was not here but very flexible , she allowed us to arrive earlier to have the time to visit Boston, Phoeboe was here to welcome us, she was very nice. \r\nIt was a first great Air Bnb experience. Gerald was a great host, very easy to chat too, very accomodating, full of helpful information. Sky his puppy is hilarious, and kept us entertained. Position of duplex great, easy walk to everything. Nice neighbourhood. All our expectations met. It was a pleasure to have met Gerald on our adventures. Comfortable and spacious room in a quiet neighborhood, just a 10 minute walk from the subway station (Orange line). Michelle is the perfect host: welcoming, helpful, nice..and she's also an excellent cook!  There's a fast wi-fi connection and the kitchen is well-equipped! I spent 1 month here..and I felt home!\r\nRenting a bike can be a great way to go to work as well as to explore the city.\r\n We had a great time staying with Jez and Ken.  The room was clean, well set out and had some extra touches like brochures, toiletries and cookies that made it special. The bed was really comfortable. The house was really cute and the cats were very friendly. The location is really good - a 20 minute walk to then catch the T straight into the middle of Boston. Jez and Ken were very friendly, warm and extremely generous - on our first day Ken gave us a tour of the area and when we left he offered to take us to the bus station.  They know the area really well and have lots of good ideas about places to eat, things to do and how to make the most of your time - they are great to talk to.  We really enjoyed spending time with them in their beautiful home and would recommend their place to anyone wanting to explore Boston. My husband and I had a great experience staying at Sara and Pam's place when we were visiting Boston for a wedding. Arrival and key pickup were smooth and pleasant. During the weekend we had a chance to chat with both Sara and Pam, who are kind, friendly, and helpful people, and we loved their cat, Derby. The upstairs area where we stayed--bedroom and super roomy bathroom--was clean, comfortable, and stocked not only with basics such as towels and soap, but nice extras like snacks and a Keurig coffee maker. The house itself is quiet and peaceful, and there was definitely a sense of privacy and independence for our entire stay. We had access to the kitchen, though we ate every meal out and primarily just used the kitchen to grab glasses of water, which is of course essential. The only downside to staying in this area of Jamaica Plain was the blaring music out of car windows during certain parts of the weekend, and some other city noises, but this didn't bother us too much. The house isn't too far a walk from the Green St. T stop, so we used this (as well as Hubway bike share) to get into other parts of Boston. A couple cute cafes are on the way to the train, and we enjoyed these, as well as some other restaurants in downtown JP (along Center Street). And one of the nicest things about JP is surely all the natural spaces, like Jamaica Pond and the Emerald Necklace parks. We didn't get a chance to see the Arnold Arboretum, so we will surely have to come back sometime. Overall, I would say Sara and Pam's place is an amazing bargain, a great spot to anchor your trip to Boston, and not at all too far from the city center if you're willing to navigate public transit. The place was very nice, handy for shopping, a ten minute walk to the Orange line and we encountered no difficulties. Sean was a great host! Communicative, nice, accommodating, friendly. \r\n\r\nThe room was exactly as described. It's a cute little studio in a nice location in Boston a short walk away from the Brigham &amp; Women's hospital, a perfect place to stay if you're interviewing at the hospital/medical school. The room was warm and clean, the bedding freshly laundered, the bed was very comfortable. I would definitely stay there again if I'm ever in Boston and would recommend Sean's place to all my friends. Cute place! Awesome communication! Really helpful! Victoria and her husband are really sweet and helpful. The Olav was spotless and directions and interactions were all great! Thank you so much for welcoming us!! The Beacon Hill location is just great! An easy walk to a couple of subway lines, lovely historical ambience, and good restaurants a block away on Charles. I was delighted to find that I was near the esplanade along the river and could dangle my feet in the water after a long day of museum going. I found the apartment to be pretty warm with only a fan, but otherwise I was quite comfy. I stayed at Phyllis's house for two nights, she is very nice and hospitable. She picked me up at the airport at night and helped me settle down. The house is very artistic and elegant, and though the room is tiny, it is well-equipped and comfortable. Definitely perfect for one! Listing description accurate.  Great neighborhood. Balint was great and super trusting.  Though we never met face to face he was very accessible through texting if we did ever need anything.  This place was super close to the Orange Line Green St. station and that was huge to be able to get in and out of the city with relative ease.  Just park your car at the place and walk over to the \"T\", 5 minutes maybe, head into the city for a few hours and come back w/out having to touch your car keys.  The neighborhood was very nice, there was a beautiful cafe right near the T that we ate at and would highly recommend.  Very highly recommended place to stay and host to chat with. Great stay! I had been planning my trip for awhile and Sean was available for contact before and during my stay. Smooth, easy, and fun stay with a great host! this place was perfect quit relaxing comfortable and clean Marisa and Lin were both quick to respond and helpful. The condo was perfect for our needs - offering an excellent location, stylish, comfortable furnishings, and a responsive, prepared host. We were visiting as a family, with 2 adults and 2 kids. It was cozy since there are essentially 2 rooms, plus bath and tiny kitchen. But the purpose of our visit was not to stay indoors. The location at the top of Beacon Hill was what attracted us. We walked or took the T most days of our 6 day stay. We walked to the North End, walked to Newbury Street thru the Commons and even walked back from Bunker Hill in Charlestown across the bridge. We did rent a car for 2 days of our trip and were able to make do with about $4 in quarters to pay for a few hours of on street parking behind the State House between 8am-8pm. In the condo, everything is new and very clean. The bed was very comfortable, and the kids were okay with the couch pull-out bed. The kitchen is tiny but well-equipped and functional, especially if you're just using it to prepare snacks or reheat leftovers as we were. The bathroom is small, but like the rest of the condo, well-designed, well-appointed and efficient. Sheets, towels, blankets were all new and great quality. And, yes, the view from the roof deck is memorable and stunning. I would stay here again if I return to Boston. Location is golden. We walked everywhere! Anthony was easy going and very nice. The place is as pictured. Seeing as it is a basement it can get quite damp but that did not bother us. It was a great place to rest in between all the wonderful things to see and do in Boston! We had a very nice stay at the airbnb of Liza (and her family). The house is beautiful and has a great atmosphere. It was a pleasure to sleep there and the location is perfect for visiting Boston. The metro is near to the house and within minutes you're in the city centre. Liza and her family are very welcoming and helpful. We would definitly recommend a stay at this airbnb when you want to visit Boston! This cozy apartment was perfect for what we were looking for. It was super-clean and in a very convenient location. Charlotte even left us chocolate covered almonds and bottled water for our arrival, and a thoughtful list of instructions and area attractions. We had a fantastic time and Charlotte was a great host. I felt so lucky that I had chosen Duane's place every day of the two weeks I stayed at his place. From before I came till after I had left Duane was the most helpful host I could ever imagine, making my stay in Boston so much easier and more fun. I also felt at home at his place right away, hanging in his lovely sofa everyday after a long day. Everyday would start with his friendly question if I was ready for coffee and home baked bread and I would sit and look out his window looking at the beatiful view out at Boston from his window enjoying my breakfast greatly. With Duane's interest in how I was doing and all his help we became friends and I will remember my stay at Duane's as a wonderful thing about Boston. Also don't worry about the transportation into downtown, I stayed at Duane's place for almost two weeks and went into downtown everyday and it was really no problem. One last thing.. I always felt secure in the neighborhood, it was a cozy area. I would choose Duane's place if I should ever come back to Boston and I would highly recommend Staying at Duane's to anybody going to Boston. The bottom line is that I would wish that a review like this could express how happy I was about staying at Duane's. Robin was a great and easy host. She helped me figure out the best ways to navigate Boston for some tightly scheduled meetings. And, she was flexible with my flight coming in after midnight.\r\n\r\nIt's just what I expected at this price point. It's like crashing with a friend on a comfy couch. Stephen and Megan were extremely hospitable and we had a wonderful time staying in their lovely home. They even recommended a great breakfast place within walking distance as icing on top of the cake! We would highly recommend their listing to anyone staying in the Boston area that wants quick and easy access to downtown. Steven was super nice and helpful.  His apartment is extremely clean and exactly like the pictures. The location was perfect and is a very short walk to the subway. I highly recommend Steven's place  to anyone who is looking for a place to stay in Boston.\r\n\r\nThank you again Steven for all of your help! \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n Emmanuel was a wonderful host. He was very helpful and thoughtful and easily accessible. We would definitely stay at his home again. A spacious and beautiful home with a lovely back yard and garden. A great location. It is just a very short walk to Arnold Arboretum and Jamaica Pond. Only 12 min drive to Brookline. Great place at an excellent location in Boston.  Thank you Nathaniel! Wonderful host who made our first trip to Boston a positive and memorable experience! From start to finish, everything was easy and stress-free in terms of checking in and out. The apartment was cozy with a notably comfortable bed. Fully equipped kitchen with selection of coffee and teas for guests. The most noteworthy aspect of our stay here was the perfect location of the apartment in a quaint yet bustling area of town with numerous cafes, delicious restaurants (Giacamos!!!) and pastry shops literally within a couple blocks, yet a few subway stops away from the main downtown area or even walking distance. Highly recommend renting from Owen!!! You will not regret it. I could not imagine being in a better location in Boston. Susan was very communicative and flexible as I worked to arrange my visit to the area. She made planning easy, and when I got there, she and Steve welcomed me and checked in to make sure things were going well but were not at all imposing -- the perfect balance. The description of the cottage is accurate, and I absolutely loved my days there. It is cozy, comfortable, and well equipped. There was a LOT of snow when I was there, so I didn't get to see the gardens or surrounding area, but Susan kept the path clear and the cottage was accessible -- no small feat in such weather. I look forward to returning to this delightful getaway the next time I am in the area. Thank you, Susan and Steve! Richard is the best! He is very considerate and responsible. Before my arrival, he called several times to confirm my check-in time so he could welcome us personally. The room is nice and sweet. Richard and his wife even prepared delicious desserts and fruits in the fridge, as well as milk, yogurt and water. Richard is definitely the best host I have met through Airbnb! Fanny is great person always ready to help. Room and house were very clean. Bus stop is close to house. I am very satisfied. Liam was a great host - very intelligent and cheerful. You should stay here just because of him! Also, the place was very clean and comfy. And only a minute from subway. I definitely wish to stay here next time I will be in Boston! Marlo was an awesome host. My friend and I had the entire apt to ourselves for the weekend. Area is really quiet and nice apt is super clean would definitely recommend this place. 20-30 mins to boston city center. Carol and her home exceeded our expectations as a first time client to an airbnb ! Carol greeted us as we arrived and provided us with a letter full of helpful information ! The bedroom we stayed in was clean , cozy and private .  The location of her house on a beautiful tree lined street was quiet , safe and convenient ! Great restaurants , a store and the Train into Boston were just a short walk from her home ! I would highly suggest this host and her lovely home to anyone who is staying in the Boston area . Thank you Carol, for your services... Excellent ! Anya was a great host -- communicative and helpful. This apartment is ideally located in front of the Orient height station. It is really clean and the parking is a real plus. Check in and check out was very easy.\r\nGavin was very helpful, responding very quickly to all messages and allowing us to leave the car few more hours before taking our plane on our last day.\r\nWe really recommend this place! \r\n The apartment was very well equipped and everything was clean and worked as it should. The location is ideal for travelers!!!Thank you. Nik and Molly are great hosts and their apartment is quite charming and roomy. Our three night stay was just great. There was a nice little pub just around the corner and the T was close by as well. I would highly recommend staying with them. My stay was perfect.  Susan is a generous and accommodating host.  Her communications prior and after booking were always prompt, clear and helpful. This was particularly notable as I found myself making a reservation last minute on a weekend around a complicated work travel schedule. Susan graciously offered me best times to communicate with her, allowed a late check in and after arrival was invaluable in helping me sort out how to get to my various meetings efficiently.  This was further enhanced by the convenience of her location, fast efficient public transport into the heart of Boston is literally around the corner. Access to the highways for travel to my meetings outside of Boston was also easy by car. The room was simple but comfortable.  The entire space is very clean (note shoes off policy bring your slippers), comfortable, quiet and private.  The ability to come and go and be pretty much left to my own devices was of great value to me.  As it turned out I found Susan so interesting and engaging I??m afraid I ended up seeking out her company more then was fair.  She also provided the most delicious baked cranberry bread and fruit salad at breakfast ?? which she kindly sent me home with for the long drive the last day.  I would also recommend trying to plan a 10-15 minute walk up and down Melville Ave and some of the side streets to gawk at the beautiful Victorians ?? really a spectacular collection of Victorian homes. Lisa was extremely helpful from before I even showed up at her house. She answered all of my questions quickly. Her home is spacious and very clean. A fresh breakfast is put out every morning. Clean sheets and towels are provided. The bathroom is right outside of your room which is convenient. Lisa offers complimentary unlimited T passes which are a big money saver and also very convenient. The bus stops right across the street from her house. If we had more time we would have taken advantage of Lisa's impressive game collection. I would definitely stay here again when in Boston. We had a lovely time staying with Salman and Nabihah! Their home is very bright, clean, and cozy, and they made us feel totally welcome and at home. We wish we could have hung out with them more, as they are a lovely young couple, unfortunately our trip to Boston was busy and short. We like dogs, so we got to know their little dog Toto and enjoyed his playful spirit very much. Salman &amp; Nabihah's house is very conveniently located, especially to Fenway Park, so we were able to walk to and from the Red Sox night game that we attended (Go Sox). The section of Brookline that they live in is very residential, with two T stops nearby (Brookline Village and Longwood). It is full of pretty homes and quiet streets. During the day we parked on the street, and at night we parked in a parking lot about a 10 minute walk away. All in all, it was the best experience. Highly recommended!! I spent a very pleasant night in Phyllis' JP condo and I would have stayed longer if it had been available.  The bed was comfortable, the room quiet, the bathroom and shower were fine.  I enjoyed talking with Phyllis while enjoying her coffee in the morning.  Her cat was sweet.  It was nice that it was a bottom floor apartment without many steps to manage.  I may return to JP, and if so, would be glad to stay there again. I do not have enough nice things to say about this place and these people! The location was incredible; great views, and easy access to the green line... seemed like everything was one stop away in any direction, and we walked to and from the T through the Common which was really nice! The apartment was extremely comfortable, quiet, clean, and had everything we needed. It is small as you can see in the photos, but for two people who really just needed a pillow at night and a shower in the morning, it suited us just fine. The hosts were very helpful and responsive and on time. I hope that if I ever get the chance to be in Boston again, this place is available to stay in because I already miss having my morning coffee on the roofdeck!!! Paul is a super nice person. His place is clean and trendy. Very inviting. I loved that he had air conditioning as the temps outside were 90 degrees during my visit. The area surrounding his apartment appears older and some places are rundown. Yet Paul's place is up to date and I felt quite safe. Beautiful brownstone apartment. Spotlessly clean and super comfortable in a great location. The host, Oine, was exemplary and very responsive and organized. Highly recommended. The apartment was lovely. The location is right in the center of Beacon Hill, such a gorgeous neighborhood. Sean was a great host, so helpful and always available to answer any questions. I would recommend this apartment to anyone that is planning on visiting Boston. We were very happy to stay on this place, the apartment was wonderful, warm, charming, with everything that you could need, completely new and as is presented on the web.\r\n\r\nJason was concerned about us all the trip, and very easy to communicate. \r\n\r\nThe neighbourhood was very interesting, full of places to eat, shop and enjoy, and the people very pleasant.\r\n\r\nWe strongly recommend this place. Michelle is an awesome host! She met me at the Roxbury Crossing T station when I arrived and showed me the neighborhood. The house is very nice. The room is perfect for one person but I suppose a couple would have no problems either. Everything was clean and tidy. Michelle makes awesome granola bars and muffins and the coffee is delicious:). She filled me in on what was going on in the city and suggested various attractions. I will definitely stay with her again if I'm in Boston again. I couldn't have picked a better place to stay.  Charlestown was fantastic and staying so close. To Bunkerhill Monument made it even more memorable. The bed and couch was very comfortable. Their surroundings were clean and quiet. Every place we wanted to visit was with in a $20 cab ride. When we had extra time we would take the T Or the bus and it was super simple and inexpensive. The homeowners were kind and caring and occasionally checked up on us to make sure we were happy. I truly can't think of a way it would've been a better experience. She also makes one hell of a banana bread ;-). Our stay in Paul's apt couldn't be better! The apt is great and clean, exactly how it looks from the pics! Paul is extremely attentive host, always very helpful and went extra lenghts to make us feel welcome! A great experience: definetely worth it! Taskin was very friendly and welcoming. House &amp; room were clean.\r\n\r\nHouse is very easy to access and close to the Orange Line. Very good position to visit Boston. Tasking was nice, well knowledgeable and welcoming. His place was quite. Overall i had a good stay. The upper floor room may benefit by extra fan. The apartment was lovely for our four night stay and it is conveniently located to get in to town as well as Fenway opposite the flat! The instructions for check in and out were clear and easy to follow and even though we never met Sean he always responded promptly and was very helpful. The local neighbourhood is fantastic - lots of lovely places to eat, Star Market for groceries and a variety of shops. It's an excellent price and I would recommend it. I enjoyed my stay.  The room was modest but comfortable and fit my needs perfectly. Monique and family were charming and helpful. Checking in and out was seamless. The neighborhood was nice and within a mile of the Westin / convention center. This apartment is truly lovely. It's in a great neighborhood close to everything. The setting is private and roomy. I highly recommend it. Fantastic stay. The apartment was excellent, the neighbourhood is genuine and interesting, with good dining options, and Brooke was a pleasure to deal with. She provided very helpful tips, and was responsible for me using the Hubway cycling scheme - even though I was in town for work. I got a few questions about it as I peddled up to the convention center and everyone else was jumping out of cabs. Maria is an excellent hostess and her home is lovely. The room is large, clean &amp; very comfortable, with A/C in window. Excellent private bathroom with plush towels. Maria offers  nice continental breakfast and made me a delicious latte! Ellen and Ed were wonderful host, very welcoming and always disponible for my questions. The room and apartment is totally similar to the picture, in other words a great place (very clean, well decorated, bright and confortable). The room was actually bigger than what I expected from the pictures.\r\n\r\n I had a wonderful three week stay with them and there two lovely cats and would definetly recommand the place to anyone wanting to stay in Boston ! Ed was a fantastic host!  He opened up his home and ensured we had everything we needed.  The accommodations are exactly what he advertises and the neighborhood was like looking at post cards of Boston, very quiet and safe.  The penthouse has a beautiful roof top deck with amazing views of downtown Boston.  A great place to unwind after walking the city all day.  The bedrooms are private with your own bathroom and the house was very clean.  Will definitely book again with Ed on my return trip to Boston! Hermina is great. I had an awsome time staying in her house. She keeps everything very clean. The house is so convenient to get around. I recommend here for people who come to Boston for a short visit. Even though hiccups in our Amtrak transportation forced us to arrive rather late at night, Jeff was available to welcome us to his home and get us settled in. \r\n\r\nThe house is comfortable and, as promised, right on the bus line to the T station - but we also were able to walk to the T station as well. The house also has a lovely backyard patio for those times you might like to just sit and/or read.\r\n\r\n Hermina was a lovely, warm host. We came in very late in the evening with only a day or two of warning--1AM, and she was awake to greet us and to show us her place. The accommodations were very comfortable and spacious. Her home is also very beautiful with vibrant colors on the inside. Another plus-very close to public transit--about a 5-minute walk or less to the Red Line, which takes you through downtown to cambridge area and beyond. Thank you, Hermina! Great place! Clean, location is amazing, very communicative host. Would stay again. I was in town for a conference at various locations throughout the city and this place was perfectly situated to allow me to get everywhere fast. I was up before the host every morning and home reasonably late (sometimes at 1 am), which wasn't a problem.\r\n\r\nThe place is small but clean and comfortable (good mattress!) and the cat Lucky makes for a fun stay. The pictures are honest and give you a very good impression of the place.\r\n\r\nPrior to arriving I did not read the listing properly and assumed there would be internet. This is not the case but there is a wholefoods with free wifi very close by that is open till 11pm, and during the summer you can comfortably sit outside. There is also some seating with power outlets indoors.\r\n\r\nDoing laundry was no problem, the place has a decent shower and the host, Laura, is easygoing and friendly.\r\n\r\nAs others have mentioned, Jason is your first point of contact, which, while a little unusual, wont matter once you get there.\r\n\r\nIf you value a good nights sleep (soothing rain noises included!) in a convenient location for a reasonable price (I paid 50 dollars a night), this is a good place. Giuseppe was a great host, very helpful and responsive, cool guy.\r\n\r\nThe room itself was just what I was looking for, small but cozy, relatively quiet, fast wifi. It was nice to have my own sink in the room as well.\r\n\r\nI stayed for almost a month, and would definitely stay there again! This place truly is a gem! Gina was wonderful, responsive and full of great recommendations! We could not have asked for a better location. So much was within walking distance and the local restaurants were divine! I highly recommend this Northside gem to anyone looking for a great place in Boston! Me and my friend really liked the room. The bed was very comfortable and we especially liked the kitchen. Soledad was very nice, she explained all the things we had to know about Boston and she even suggested what to do. It was a great experience! We enjoyed our stay at Mark's condo in Brookline.  It is in a great location with the Emerald Necklace right out the front door and convenient \"T\" stops.  There is everything you need (and more) in the kitchen.  There was plenty of room (square footage) for the 3 of us.  Mark's representative, Marilyn, met us as planned, explained the workings of the condo, suggested restaurants nearby and checked in to be sure all was going well during our stay.   The great communication was comforting as this was our first Air BnB experience/booking and we wondered exactly how the process would work.  We would definitely return to Mark's condo. my husband and I loved the place, everything was very neat and clean,  cozy and with a lot of privacy. location was really close to the train station and small shopping mall. very convenience. even do we didn't get to meet Hermina we spoke with her on the phone and she was very friendly and helpful. will for sure visit again. thanks Hermina The apartment was centrally located, clean, and the transaction. Seamless. Marketa was accommodating, friendly, and a pleasure to work with. Jez and Ken have a beautiful home in Winthrop! I stayed with them for one night in mid-October and enjoyed walking around Winthrop on a gorgeous fall day. There are several local restaurants (seafood, pizza, sandwiches, etc.) within a short walk. The bedroom and bathroom are very nice and the bed was comfortable. Jez and Ken made me feel very welcome and were great hosts! The description of the apt/condo was accurate. George left out travel brochures for us and the location of the place was amazing. We were on the 29th floor overlooking the water, 200 feet from the Boston Massacre site and the train that takes us to the airport and it was right in the middle of the Freedom Trail. The bed was very comfortable and it was a nice relief to come back and sleep after all the walking and sightseeing we did, and he left us clean towels so we didn't have to bring our own. \r\nCommunication was outstanding. George would answer my texts within 10 minutes and was very helpful and he seemed very sincere to make sure we were comfortable and having a good time. This is a great place to stay for convenience to Boston Airport, to enjoy the seaside, bay, beaches and lovely town of Winthrop, and for easy access in and out of central Boston/Cambridge, when you don't want the noise and rush of the city. I came in from Quebec, via Philadelphia, really late. Jez VERY KINDLY met me and brought me the few minutes back home, though a taxi would only have been a few dollars and the tube line (transit) to Orient Heights is only one stop and then a bus takes you to round the corner, or one could walk (I did both when going to and from Boston city centre). I have seldom stayed in a cleaner, more welcoming house. I was made to feel completely at home. Jez is interested and interesting and he and Ken have prepared detailed info packs for visitors to make the best use of their stays. Ken came in even later than I, after work, and yet was up for continuing to chat. Both are so nice! I loved that a wide variety of healthy options including fresh fruit were available for breakfast, I could help myself so wasn't pinned to a particular schedule. Good fresh coffee at any time and tea, too. The visit was enhanced by Winston and Oliver. Overall, I 'lived there' for my three days, rather than feeling a tourist or stranger and will definitely return. Highly recommend. My 1st experience with an Airbnb, and it was a great introduction. An interesting, old home full of books and history in the Back Bay area of Boston. Easy to walk to interesting many interesting areas. Very easy to connect to mass transit that goes everywhere. A clean and pleasant room on top floor. Robert was welcoming and helped me get oriented to the area quickly. Great Location. Good apartment. I strongly recommend these hosts and room! I had a great time! The apartment is beautiful and welcoming. Derian, Brian and Dina are super cool and really helpful. They were very patient answering my countless rookie questions about Boston and how to use iron ;)  That being said, I must admmit that they were totally outshined by Chester The Dog. Chester rules! Enjoyed my stay at the Inn; Terry is a really great host who got everything in the room to show you the best place to be in Boston. He gives us really good advice for food, visits, etc !!!! \r\nThe place is nice and well furnished ! I definitevely recommand this place. Thanks Terry Amy was a great host and the room was in an wonderful location with a fantastic view on the airport of boston.\r\nThe T-Station is also not far away so it was no problem to visit all the places we want to see.\r\nAmy was very friendly and helpful and we enjoyed our three nights at her place. This was my first Airbnb experience and Monica's place was super clean and comfy- perfect for a stopover in Boston. Proximity to airport made it super convenient and breakfast was amazing at her restaurant next door. \r\nHighly recommend. A great location and Jannah couldn't be nicer. Be sure to ask her for information, advice and recommendations (great restaurant suggestions) you may need. Jannah was great about accommodating my early arrival time and other requests. In addition to a great location, Jannah is a great friend away from home. Cute small apartment, everything was great, besides the next door neighbour who sang opera during the day (haha)! The apartment was accessible to almost everything, ground transportation (bus stop and train is just 1 minute away), many restaurants nearby (Chinese, Indian, Mexican, TGI, bars), and also shops (beer/wine shop, Walgreens, 7-11). It's also near the hospital where I had my interview. One surplus that I'd like to mention about the apartment is that the water pressure was awesome, and drainage was working fine. Sean replied to my messages very fast, so I didn't have any trouble communicating with him. My friends and I enjoyed our stay. The apartment is nice and located in a great location with good restaurants near by. Petar was great at keeping in contact in case we needed anything. Overall it was a good stay. Really good place. Big room, good bed and plenty of space for two people. The bathroom was good and all facilities such as laundry worked. Joe himself was very pleasant. Location good - 5 to 10 minutes from the subway and felt pretty safe. Thanks for a good few days! Alejandra's home was absolutely lovely. My friend and I shared the AirBnB - she took the bed, which I hear was quite comfortable, and I crashed on the couch, which was immensely comfortable itself (as was the oversize chair). It's clear that she's put a ton of work into decorating the space and making it feel as comfortable as possible. Bathroom and kitchen are charming and spotless and well-appointed as well. And then there's Lily, the cat, the best roommate you could ask for - if you're a cat person, you'll be very, very glad you chose this apartment. Location was great, The South End was an area I hadn't explored in Boston before and I'm so glad I did - felt like really living in the city as opposed to holing up in a stereotypical  touristy spot. Great restaurants up on Tremont Street, easy access to cabs and public transport via Washington Street, and a cute/friendly neighborhood in between. Honestly, I give it all an unqualified recommendation. Also, Alejandra herself was a great host - friendly and perfectly communicative - it really felt like another person at the end of the texts/emails, which I think is so important. Our stay with Carl and his family was excellent, and if/when we return to Boston we will stay with them again. Beyond that, I will also recommend to any family or friends that are visiting Boston to stay with them, as well. The location was great - convenient walking distance to both the Green and Orange lines AND the Samuel Adams Brewery (free tours with free beer, what's not to love). The bed was very comfy, the room spacious, and they kept the place nice and warm (even putting an extra radiator in our room if needed). We never had any issues sharing the bathroom in the mornings. Carl even made us some delicious pancakes one of the mornings that we were there! If you're visiting Boston, you won't regret staying with Carl and his family. Francine and her husband was very welcoming and friendly. We could leave our luggage early in the morning in the living room. Thanks again. Everything is clean an the room is very well prepared with all you need and more. Highly recommend to stay there. The apartment is excellent: very modern, efficient, comfortable with a stunning view of the skyline and busy Boston. The only negative was the airconditioner that cut in an out like a small jet engine. The location is very good with the Metro underneath the building, and about 10 min walk to a wonderful Italian restaurant street. \r\n\r\nI was surprised by the formality of the booking. I had to send a several page agreement signed by my wife and I, back to Boston from Australia with very specific details about every aspect of the booking. I thought Airbnb's standard conditions did the job. Within this agreement was the stipulation that we were forgoing a $150 fee to self clean which was spelt out in minute detail once we arrived. We were happy to do this in lieu of the large fee, but it was somewhat officious, highlighted by the underlined urging for us to leave a tip for the cleaners who prepared the room for us!\r\n\r\nOverall a very good stay, with a few niggling issues. Rachel was a very warm and welcoming host to my two meek parents, getting them to open up over a warm and delicious breakfast! The bedroom had everything necessary to have a good night's rest, and the home was full of warmth and culture. Rachel was easy to reach via text and flexible to suit our travel needs. We would definitely stay with her again! Great location, able to get late night good close by as well as great transit. Very helpful. :-)  classic bldg has good character. Steven was very helpful and courteous host. I became one of the long-time roommates of Jon. It is so exiting that I met another girl from my country and we became closed friends since then.some people chose to find a place in airbnb instead of staying in hotel, which can find something common between them. Perhaps, they are more eager for freedom and adventures. It was my first adventurous travelling, and I found unbelievable happiness and feeling of accomplishments from it. I knew  it maybe a beginning for the rest of life.  Jon is good guy, and I think he has a talent on arranging the things in regular in the apartment. What's more, he also has a great talent in being a scholar because of the logical preciseness. You can gain a lot from talking to him! Nice host, nice room, nice location as usual! Highly recommend! My experience at Monique's place was outstanding! Communication was prompt and clear. Monique and her husband  were very kind and helpful -All of my needs were met. The room is immaculate and comfortable. The neighborhood is residential and peaceful. I would stay here again ! Natalia's genuine warmth and incredible thoughtfulness made my stay in her cozy, personable and clean home comfortable and memorable.  \r\n\r\nShe was a beyond lovely host and is a beautiful soul.  I have an injured knee and Natalia was tremendously helpful and made sure I had what I needed while I was house ridden.\r\n\r\nThe neighborhood is one of rich character and its residents are friendly and lively.  The Ashmont T station is a 10 minute walk which makes commuting into the city very easy and accessible.\r\n\r\nI highly recommend staying with Natalia if you desire a real local experience that's an oasis from the hustle and bustle of downtown Boston with a host who is full of passion and spirit for people and life. This apartment was great! It was very clean, only 1 block to a good market and 2 blocks to the subway into downtown Boston. Hermina was warm, friendly, and helpful. We would certainly stay here again. We really enjoyed our stay at Elizabeth's apartment in Brookline.  We had the place to ourselves but Elizabeth was easy to contact with questions. Her place is close to local amenities including a great traditional diner, pub, excellent bakery, handy supermarket and an independent cinema.  Within walking distance of Fenway Park and a few steps away from the nearest T line stop, it was easy to get around Boston.  The bedroom is quite small but we managed to fit everything in and the air con was very effective in the heatwave!  The rest of the apartment is beautifully decorated with art works and we made good use of the kitchen. The neighbourhood is safe and friendly so I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to couples and individual travellers. The best thing about this apartment is John:  he is the most hospitable and thoughtful host of any airbnb my husband and I have stayed at.  He thinks of all the details and he tries to provide a hotel-quality experience for his guests.\r\n\r\nThis apartment is well suited for a single person or young/fit couple.  It is an efficient bright, renovated, nicely decorated apartment. It is cozy, but the space is well-used and John has a bright corner flat.  The two flights of walk up the stairs left us rather breathless but it was good exercise for us!\r\n\r\nThe area is certainly busy and there but you only notice the noise at night while trying to sleep.  It was hard to get a good night's sleep and it reminded me of my days living in New York City.  If you stay long enough, you would get used to it.  We also found the neighbourhood a little \"edgy\".  But it is right smack in the city and you can walk to restaurants in the area.\r\n\r\nAs you can see from the pictures, John is a talented decorator.  The apartment is beautiful and you will find all the amenities you need.\r\n\r\nOverall, it is an excellent value for money.\r\n\r\n My stay with Pam and Sara was my first airbnb experience, and it couldn't have been more pleasant! The property is in a classic Boston neighborhood, but the many updates made it feel in many ways like a brand new home: clean, comfortable, and inviting. I travel often and I'm much like Winston Churchill when he said, 'I am easily satisfied with the very best.' The bed was sleep-inducing, the room well-appointed, and the private bathroom put it over the top. It was spacious, new, clean, and had a powerful shower. \r\nPam and Sara were consummate hosts. Both were engaging and available when needed, but allowed for privacy. Their knowledge of the area is unmatched, and there were plenty of books and maps available for those times when they might not have known an area. Excellent hosts, great place, great neighborhood. I'm fearful if I say more I may not be able to stay here again as it is likely to be booked...as it should be. Don't miss it if you have the opportunity. Awesome location. Great room with plenty of space. We LOVED it. The house/room is very nice and lovely. Mary and Barney are friendly and helpful hosts that answered all our questions very quickly. The house was in a great location and a short walk to the train. We 100% recommend the Carneyfamily house!! Very good location in South End.\r\nRafael was available. We just got back from our trip to Boston and could not have been more pleased with our stay in Tiffany's home. Her home is beautiful and clean with modern dcor and a welcoming feel. Tiffany provided all the amenities that we could possibly need which made packing much easier for us. The kitchen was stocked with snacks and a bottle of wine for us to enjoy. The beds were extremely comfortable and we had more than enough pillows and blankets. Tiffany provided us with plenty of towels, toiletries, a hair dryer, and we were able to use her washer and dryer. The location was within walking distance to several shops and restaurants and about a 10 minute walk to the subway. Overall, Tiffany was an exceptional host and I would highly recommend staying in her home. Great neighborhood, love staying in the South End.  For anyone thinking about visiting it is a great location to stay that will allow you to easily get around.\r\n\r\nGreat info about the unit was provided in advance of our stay, including transportation and restaurant recommendations.\r\n\r\nProperty Manager met us at the unit on our arrival to give tour, keys, and answer questions. Phyllis is a superb hostess... super friendly, super helpful, super fine.  Phyllis went above and beyond to help me with the results of a car accident to with a morning drive downtown to the convention that my husband was attending.  The breakfasts were delicious and the room was very comfortable.  we highly recommend Back Bay.\r\n\r\nThe location is just off Mass Pike, a five minute walk to the Charles River, and close to Harvard. Great place and James is a nice guy. Very beautiful and quiet area south of Boston. I would like to thank Beatrice for a good time in her house. The neighborhood is good the same as the house. Beatrice is a good host and she helped us a lot in this trip. Our stay at the Roost was exactly what we wanted. Jamaica Plains is charming and its easy to get to Boston with public transportation. We stayed in the Fox room that was very nice and clean. Recommended! We really had a great time in Gerard and Marie's apartment. The neighborhood is lovely and we enjoyed their restaurant tips, especially the old tavern. Boston is an interesting town to visit and well connected to other places of interest. But, most importantly, Gerard and Marie were friendly and helpful hosts and the apartment nice, cozy, clean, with everything we needed. Definitely recommended. This is a great location! Plenty of parkings available and it was clean! The house is spacious and Curtis was very helpful with our late check in. Reserving and getting to the apartment were easy.  At first we had the wrong code in our email for the front door but there was a friendly person at the other end of their phone line who helped us even at 10pm! The apartment was great - nice location, stylish furnishings, clean. We would definitely rent again through Seamless Transition. Hermina was a very gracious and fun host.  She was helpful but not at all intrusive.  She was even kind enough to drive me to a car rental agency!  Her house is nice and in a great location (T stop is two blocks away, police station is behind her house so we always felt very safe).  Overall, a great experience. Terry proved to be an ideal host. He was warm and immediately made us feel comfortable and welcome. The location was very good for our needs and was centrally located to many facilities and entertainment. The room and common areas were immaculate and well maintained. Terry was focused on our comfort in his home and in the area. If all Airbnb were this good I would not stay anywhere else. We left not only feeling like we had received good value, but like we found a new friend. The house is fantastic, very clean and comfortable.  Furnished nicely and the kitchen is set-up to use/cook in.  John is very responsive and organized (provides all the information needed for the house in one message).  The  location is very nice.  It is on a quiet street, next to some restaurants that are walkable or a few minutes away by car.  The grocery store is a few blocks away and the commuter T station is a couple of blocks away. Benjamin, the host, was very helpful and friendly. We was very prompt to respond to our resquests. The neighborhood was authentic, full of restaurants, and very close from the city, about 10 minutes from the door of the apartment to the center of Boston (by taking the subway). The apartment is very basic and feel a little like a student place. It's very clean but a little sketchy. It's in a semi basement with a little outside patio and without opening windows. Everything you need for your stay is present but it's really basic. It's an ok place to sleep but not to hangout for a rainy day. Overall, OK experience, OK price if you compare to the other places in Boston, Good localisation and Excellent host. We really enjoyed our stay. The place was clean, quiet, spacious, with natural light and very well located. The host was easy to contact, polite and answered all of our questions. Highly recommended. The room was big and nice. Everything was clean and it worked smoothly. We had a very nice stay. I enjoyed my stay. The location was great, the room very clean and comfortable. Very friendly hosts! Ravi was a great host -- was very flexible with my arrival time (I changed it almost three times) and super nice. He even accidentally left with the room keys and quickly ran back to give them to me. The listing looks just like the photos and is in a great location. The proximity to the airport (a 10 minute drive) and to restaurants/shopping on Newbury is worth the price.\r\n\r\n Our stay with Will at this apartment was very pleasant. It was clean and had plenty of space for our group of 6.  All of the appliances and kitchen-ware was updated and awesome. Everything was clean upon our arrival, and we had essentially everything we needed. Internet was fast. The apartmet is very well located, few minutes to the most famous places in Boston. There is also a T Station and buses stops lines, so you can go everywhere in town quickly. Kim is so kind and helpful. We had a great time there. The neighbourhood is very safe and you can find shops, markets, restaurants, pharmacies and wahtever you need near you.\r\nDefinitely recommend this one. Really good stay in a clean nice house Peter was a great host. The apartment is clean and very cozy. We loved the location, we walked pretty much everywhere. But the subway is close, if you need it. The apartment could use a few more \"essentials\" but other than that, it's a great place to stay. It's a nice clean place. Mr Taskin is very nice and helpful. The guest though right next door was so loud and at 3-4am. Otherwise it's was good place and I would come back again. Elegant two-level apartment located in beautiful neighborhood close to attractions, restaurants and shops, as well as public transport.\r\nUnique interior decoration with original artwork pieces, yet conveniently furnished to be a comfortable home. Being there for work, I regret I did not enjoy more the outside private deck than just picking the cherry tomatoes and herbs!\r\nBeverly is very caring and did her best to warmly welcome me. She surely made me feel at home and was very responsive whenever I had issues, it was even like having my mother living right upstairs. The place was great, great location. Will definitely book this place in the future! Beautiful apartment and spacious; David is a very accommodating host. Had a really good experience. The house was in the ideal location for Boston and found the whole rental to be very easy. Would recommend! Angela's place was just as the previews reviews have stated. Great location, extremely clean and a great place to stay. Angela was a terrific host who always made sure I had everything I needed and provided me with plenty of sightseeing and food suggestions. Her dog Nevada is extremely well behaved and great company.\r\n All good, clean, comfortable and nice walking access to Boston.  Bedroom is accessed from landing, dedicated bath is also a door on same landing, so a quick step from bedroom to bath.  Luxurious bathrobes and nice continental breakfast both a surprise. This room is one of multiple units that the owner has and rents through a different company with listings on airbnb, it's not a typical airbnb listing; Brent doesn't live here, nor does he live in the same building. \r\n\r\nThis being said, it was still a great choice for Boston. The check-in process is very simple; they send you an email with the code for the front door, and the code for your unit. My girlfriend and I arrived, opened the front door, found our unit, and got in. That's it. Overall very simple, very easy. \r\n\r\nThe unit was not the one pictured in the listing, but it was basically the same. (Different carpet color, furniture arrangement, etc.). It was quite small, but good enough for two people in Boston.\r\n\r\nThe room itself: clean, well appointed, but bring some toiletries if you plan on staying for a few days, as they only had one travel sized bottle of shampoo. There is a laundry room in the basement, with two washers, and two dryers that are free, but bring your own detergent. Best part of the listing was the fantastic location. Very handsome brownstone building in an old part of town with similar brownstones and only a five minute walk to Copley Square; Fantastic! If you don't mind the small size and the fact that your renting from a company, this is a fantastic choice. We had a great time. Catherine was great, super thorough.  Her houseboat was very charming.  We would totally stay there again, and recommend her spot to anyone traveling to Boston. Robert and his staff are very friendly. Also the location is perfect. The room is old but clean and comfortable. If there were some paper cups in the room, it will be helpful. Beautiful, stylish and spacious apartment in a great part of Boston. Very close to key attractions and within easy walking distance to nice restaurants, cafes and also the subway station. Apartment was super clean and had everything you needed for a great stay. Xerxes was very quick to respond to enquiries and getting into the property on arrival was easy to arrange. Wanted to stay longer!!! Soledad was an excellent host. The property was very clean and in a very nice and convenient neighbourhood.\r\n\r\nShe was also very accommodating and went out of her way to help us with food recommendations, and even went out to get some extra first aid materials as I had injured my foot.\r\n\r\nOverall, a very good option for your stay in Boston, and I would stay there again! Thanks Soledad! Even only for one night, we had a really nice stay at Carney's house. Everything was really tidy and clean. Bathroom, even if shared, was amazing. And in the morning we had everything for breakfast too, fresh and delicious handmade muffins included. Mary is lovely and available for any kind of questions.\r\nI warmly recommend Carney Family house. James and Sam had a brilliant time in Boston. They loved the house and felt extremely relaxed and comfortable during their stay! The close proximity to the convention centre was a massive plus. The apartment was very nice and very well equipped with all the cooking things you could want and even food staples available to use!   The neighborhood was nice and the apartment was very quiet. Erin &amp; Jd were lovely hosts the house was in a nice quiet neighbourhood and the bus to Kenmore station which was essential for the greenline subway which gets you everywhere you need to go the dogs were great and well behaved and lexi loves ball games it was a brilliant finish to our 3 month tour of the states and if we go to Boston again we will certainly look Erin up Sean's place is in an excellent location, right on Beacon Hill and easy distances to everything. The place itself was pretty basic and spartan, nothing fancy, but we were only there a night and weren't really using it for more than sleeping, so it worked well enough for us. Our stay at Gustavo's place was amazing. We'll absolutely be back.\r\n\r\n- Location: The location is perfect. In the heart of Boston and walking distance from Back Bay Station. We walked everywhere from here without any problems.\r\n\r\n- Stay: The room is very cozy, clean and comfortable. Gustavo will provide necessities and it has wi-fi, so basically you don't need more than that. Also, breakfast is included which is quite nice.\r\n\r\nAlthough bathrooms are shared by 2 rooms we didn't actually experienced that, so even better, but that might put off some people\r\n\r\n- Host: Gustavo is a really nice, polite and helpful guy. It's been a pleasure to stay with him. Gillian's place was amazing and clean, and it was really conveniently located. She was also very hospitable and friendly, and accommodating to our plans. We will definitely recommend her place to others. We had a wonderful time in Boston thanks to her! :) The host was very gracious and able to call and help me with my arrival despite being in China at the time ! Its not his fault, but the cold draft of the windows made it tough to sleep. The place was well put together and the needs were met for staying. I appreciated the access to WiFi and TV.  I was very happy and satisfied and would definitely stay there again. Great place in a great spot.  Very clean and well furnished for our family of six.  Entry instructions were easy to follow. My business partner, Lynn, and I stayed with Bill during a 6 day conference we were attending at the Boston Convention and Expo center; while I had some reservations about what it would be like to commute back and forth to our conference from Dorchester we opted to stay with Bill because it was so much more affordable than the $250-$500 hotel rooms near the convention center.\r\nWhat I discovered was that my stay in Boston was so much more enjoyable because of our commute, as well as because of the wonderful host that Bill was. Public transportation in Boston is easy and very safe and I  got a true feel for life in Boston because I had an opportunity \"live\" like the locals.\r\nBills place is lovely and very, very comfortable, but more than anything he is an amazing host; generous, kind, accommodating and helpful beyond words.\r\nI was initially a bit concerned about what it might be like to share a space with a host; in the past when I had used airbnb I always rented a space of my own (I am the type of person who values my own space and privacy). But I have to say that it was a wonderful experience and to anyone who is concerned about this I would say that you have no need to worry if you are coming to town to stay with Bill.\r\nHe was totally respectful of our privacy while making himself available to us when we needed anything at all. \r\nAlso, my business partner became very ill soon after we arrived and so she had to return home; which left me alone with my host. And again, while this may have normally been a concern (sharing a house with a man who is a total stranger to me) once again, I can only say that being with Bill was nothing less than a perfect experience.\r\nHe was always there to offer advice when needed, he was beyond generous in offering lifts to and from the train, airport, supermarket, access to laundry, coffee, snacks and room in the fridg for my own food. The list goes on.....\r\nIf I am ever back in Boston I look forward to staying with Bill again! Irina was great, made my daughter and me feel very welcome.  The neighborhood was awesome and the experience was accurately represented on the website.  I would stay here again if possible next time I come to Boston. Juliet was very friendly and accommodating. The house was just as described and suited our families stay nicely. The house was very clean and in good order. We only stayed one night but Juliet directed us to a very nice local cafe for breakfast in the morning and the house was close enough to downtown Boston to make it convenient. The experience that my girlfriend and I had with the whole Airbnb process through Amy amazing. Amy sent us the keys along with a very helpful (and informative) sheet with not only details about the property, but also some great tips about the Beacon Hill area. The apartment was very clean, organized, cozy, and welcoming. Amy recommended a nearby parking garage (that did have cheaper weekend rates), so it was great not having to move the car during our entire stay. Having a private balcony (along with rooftop access) was remarkable, especially since the weather held out pretty well, so we could enjoy a few beers in the sun. The apartment was only about a 7-10 minute walk to the music festival that we were seeing, which was even better. It was also centrally located so that we could walk to the Back Bay area with some great shopping. Very quaint area (Beacon Hill) with some amazing buildings and architecture. We felt safe in the apartment, as well as the neighborhood. We absolutely loved staying here (as also having the convenience of a full kitchen was very handy) and we look forward to staying again. We highly recommend this listing! Cheers! This listing is right on! Communication was clear and getting in and out was fast and simple. Laura is friendly and accommodating. We walked every where from this excellent location. Everything we could possibly need or want was within easy reach! The apartment is cozy, clean and comfortable. \r\nIt is a little small for four adults if you were going to spend a large amount of time in the apartment itself. Perfect size for the two of us. The third story offers a great view to the street and the back balcony off the bedroom offered a private little alcove to drink our morning coffee and get organized for the day ahead. We give this place an easy two thumbs up! Tam was a great host.  Picking up the keys was easy and the building is gorgeous.  Fort Point is a hip area of Boston, and the condo is right in the middle of it.\r\n\r\nTam was responsive and easy-going.  I would highly recommend renting his condo.\r\n Steven was great, he was very friendly and accommodating. He came by when we checked in to answer all of our questions. The house was very clean and had plethora if amenities. Everyone who stayed there is planning to stay again when we travel to Boston again. The parking was also really easy. This was a great place to stay while visiting the Boston area. The location is great with easy public transit and freeway access. Afiyah was great at communicating before and during my stay. Afiyah was great at giving directions to the house by many different means of transportation. Afiyah gave great recommendations as a local of places to visit while in town. The house was very clean, quiet and charming. The breakfast was great to get the day started off right for a day of exploring or meetings. Afiyah was very understanding about about leaving my luggage at the house while I explored the town and had a late flight. Would highly recommend staying here to family, friends, or anybody that is looking for a room in Boston!!!!! We had a very pleasant stay with Molly and Ben.  The bedroom was large and comfortable and our bathroom was well-equipped with everything we needed.  Our hosts were laid back and friendly and had good advice on places to visit.  The apartment was just as we imagined it from the photos and the area, East Boston, was very convenient for the airport and for transport links into the city.  It felt very safe walking around in the evening and there were a number of good restaurants and bars within walking distance.  We will definitely use AirBnB again. Joe's place was great!  The location was perfect.  Charlestown is a perfect location.  Taking the ferry to downtown was a real delight.  Joe was incredibly helpful and accommodating.  I would whole heartedly recommend staying with Joe.\r\n\r\nEnjoy! This accomodation is lovely, very cosy and fitted with evrything you need. Soledad and Rodrigo have been very nice and easy-going and Ieft his place with a little tear in my eye. It was a great time in Boston and this place was perfect for my trip!\r\nThank you very much! Great Location, well equipped.  Close to T station.  Great experience. It's impossible to find a place like this in Boston!!!\r\n\r\nCorey is very warm and hospitable. She is very kind and responded within minutes after I send her a message. She's very easy to talk to and even baked the most yummy banana muffins for us. The location of the apartment is very nice. You can actually see the Bunker Hill monument when you walk out of the compound. We loved the private entrance and backyard as well as preparing meals in the fully utilizable kitchen. The neighborhood is quiet and there is a washing machine and dryer in the flat. We had a really great experience overall and will definitely be back! \r\n Awesome host super friendly. This is a simple and conveniently located place.  It suited my needs fine, I mostly care about location and having a safe, quiet, comfortable place to crash.  \r\nLike many of the homes in the Cambridge area it a shared older home.  So it is not all shiny, the furniture is a mixture and the only bathroom has lots of shared stuff in it.  \r\nThat said, Jade has done a nice job to make the place appealing. She made food and beverages available in the pantry and fridge, and put some gorgeous fresh flowers in the room along with two chocolates.  The linens are new and high quality and the bed is firm with a soft foam topper. These little touches made us feel welcome. \r\n We stayed four nights at Carolyn's. We had a great stay, the house is very clean and comfortable. It's very well located to get to downtown, only a 5-10mn walk to get to the train station.\r\nCarolyn is a great host. We spent a great time talking about our experience. She also gave us very useful tips (restaurants, she called a car rental company for us, etc).\r\nHighly recommended !\r\nMaybe next time we'll meet up in France ! Staying in the house of Michelle was really great!! She is a wonderful host!! very careful of a guest needs, whenever I needed something &amp; asked her, Michelle helped me in having it, thanks Michelle! \r\nA warm and comfortable place (with a very comfortable bed!), very convenient and very close to all the places I wanted to go while staying in Boston. Michelle can provide you with a lot of advices about what you can do, where to go (cafe', bars, restaurants, arts entertainments, etc.) &amp; what to see in Boston. \r\nPlus, I enjoyed very healthy organic &amp; natural breakfasts :) yummy! \r\nA place I will for sure recommend to my friends planning a trip to Boston!\r\n I would highly recommend this home. The listing is modern yet cozy, with lots of space for our family.  Our host was very accommodating and we appreciated his timely responses once we were confirmed.  Check-in was very easy and we didn't have any hassles in the least. My boyfriend and I had a wonderful time at Milicent's! She is very sweet and provided us with excellent suggestions for restaurants in the area (The Buttery in particular was delicious). The apartment was clean, bright, and conveniently located. I would absolutely stay here again! Excellent accomodation - great area of Boston, very clean and great use of space with plenty of storage space available.  Walking distance to public transport and the main sights.  Edward was an absolute pleasure to deal with - very quick to respond and helpful.  I would absolutely recommend Edward's studio, and we look forward to staying here again next time we're in Boston! This was our second Airbnb experience and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Sara's.  We arrived from Logan Airport on the subway, all instructions and arrangements were so easy to follow.  Communication with Sara is excellent.  Sara's sister met us and very kindly let us leave our luggage before checking in as we were early. \r\nWe met Sara later that evening, she was very friendly and welcoming. The apartment is lovely and clean and very convenient for Boston (one stop away on the subway - which is only a short walk from the apartment) and there are local shops nearby if you need anything.  However, we only needed milk as Sara  had thought of everything to make our stay enjoyable.  \r\nYou must visit the local park which is a few minutes walk away from Sara's, as the view of Boston's skyline is amazing!  (NB the park was closed after 10pm).  Sara also let us leave our luggage after check-out as we had an evening flight.  \r\nWe found the neighbourhood and apartment very quiet would recommend staying at Sara's.  \r\nThank you Sara for a comfortable stay!\r\nHelen and Paul from England\r\n This room was clean, comfortable and well furnished. This room is ideal for multiple travelers looking to share a room, as it is large and well ventilated. (Though, having this room to yourself is a bonus luxury.) Having the TV and sofa were nice additions!\r\n\r\nThe location of this property, Allston, is fantastic for anyone looking to be near public transportation (train/bus), restaurants, groceries, schools (BU/BC/Harvard/MIT and many others), nightlife and a lively neighborhood. Overall, Ari was quick to respond and take care of my stay here. Highly recommended! Great place in the North End of Boston. Place just as described with a great location. Easy walking distance to harbor and subway. Lots of great Italian restaurants around. Fun being in heart of little Italy. \r\nWould definitely stay here again! Very sweet and accommodating. Very roomy and clean space. Ben is a welcoming and attentive host, and the place is super cosy. If you have an interest in good books or music check out his collection ! Would recommend for the style of the place, the relaxed atmosphere, and the bonus of having a genuinely friendly host. Also nice to have access to the kitchen and some tasty (healthy) treats. The only issue I had was with the lock for the outside door being a bit finicky - hopefully that will get fixed so there's no problem with coming and going. Thanks Ben ! Jose detailed a very easy set of instructions, which made getting into and leaving the unit an easy experience.  He made himself available and was very helpful.  Location, location, location, excellent start and end to a day's exploration of Boston. Amy's appartment is very clean and very well situated event if it's not in Boston (very close from the \"T\", close to the museums...). It's well adapted  up to 4 people to stay a few days but i would not say it's easy to have lunches or even breakfasts in the appartment.\r\nMoreover Amy's offered us a free coupon with Uber and that was very helpful ! I would very much recommend staying with Peter &amp; Stella, what a nice couple! From the minute I arrived they made me feel at home. They have a very friendly dog and cat that are adorable. I slept great and hope to stay again when I visit Boston. Thanks again! Kate was a wonderful host and excellent at accommodating our last minute reservation. Our previous host cancelled on the day of our arrival and Kate lend a helping hand. Her house is beautiful and she has the cutest pets. Her bathroom and kitchen is nice and clean. The nearest T-stop is at Jackson Square and it is a 10minute walk. I would recommend walking with friends at night at that stop but everything else is great! Great experience in Boston, Jay was a great Host sadly we didn't get to meet him however he was so accommodating with us leaving our luggage early etc. \r\nJays place is so special its new very clean and very quiet, it's in a great area lots of cafes bars and shops to explore and beautiful cobbled streets to walk down.\r\nJay gave us great directions to get to the airport by train everything was Easy we highly recommend this place.\r\nThanks so much for a great stay Jay we loved every minute .\r\nAll the best Debbie We had a very pleasant stay Jair's place, the apartment is located in a quiet, convenient location to explore the areas in and around Cambridge. Jair's apartment is exactly as described; clean and tidy, the bed is very comfortable, the kitchen super equipped! Jair was incredibly kind to be able to accommodate us within a fairly short notice. We would like to thank him again for hosting us! We loved Melissa's apartment. The location is excellent - close to multiple trains, and easy travel to Cambridge/Harvard and the MFA, Boston. The neighborhood is amazing, and the street and building are quiet. The space is super cute and very clean, with luxurious sheets and towels! There was also a basket in the bathroom with odds and ends that guests may have forgotten, which was a nice touch. We stayed for 9 nights during late January 2015.\r\n\r\nThe apartment was perfect. Very clean,  exceptionally quiet, everything as specified including a very well equipped kitchen.\r\n\r\nThe location couldn't have been better and, even though we stayed during a major snowstorm, the property was always very warm and homely.\r\n\r\nAlthough we didn't meet Nick in person his communications were excellent and we felt confident we could contact him at any time and he would be of help. \r\n\r\nWithin a short time of landing at Logan airport Nick messaged me with further confirmation of the location of the apartment and the method of entry just in case we had mislaid the details after a long flight. A nice touch. \r\n\r\nThere was also a welcome note and a bottle of wine waiting for us in the apartment. An even nicer touch!\r\n\r\nI can't think of one negative thing to say about the apartment, its location or Nick.\r\n\r\nThank you! Ben and Andy were VERY welcoming and helpful.  Their home is lovely and quite modern, very clean.  The pups are adorable and quiet; we only saw them a few times.  Very comfortable room and bed, and we liked having a separate entrance.  We highly recommend staying there. Ralph was very helpful meeting us. The studio apartment was great for all our needs. Great views. Great spot! Key pick up is seamless, public transportation is close by, and Dave was super helpful and responsive. Kathe is the nicest person ever!!\r\nShe helped us find the attractions in Boston and explained how to get around the city.\r\nThe room is a bit small but there's closet space so it's manageable espcially if you don't want to pay a fortune for a hotel\r\nThe room and the bathroom were very clean and comfortable.. Great stay, very comfortable and Rosalia was very nice as a host. Thank you! This is not a luxury hotel, but it was the perfect place for a night in Boston. It was very clean and easy to get to/from, and Izzy's assistant, Victoria was very helpful. I'd definitely recommend it for an inexpensive place to stay in Boston! Marco was a very nice host and the place was as described. The location is perfect and is a 4 minute walk to Harvard Square. Trains are very convenient to the city center and MIT.\r\n\r\nMarco ensured we had everything that we needed. The Victorian house is very well maintained and has a beautiful terrace to sit in peace and enjoy tea/coffee. I recommend this to fellow travelers to Boston or Cambridge. This apt is really good! It's well equipped. Mac is really helpful, he could always give timely help like buying us toothpaste and even milk chocolate . Well, the toilet was blocked up and I don't know if my friend did it or not, anyway, Mac and his partner had it fixed immediately. The only thing needs to be improved is the laundry. $1.5 for washing and another $1.5 for drying and the basement is a little scary for girls. All in all, it's good. It's hard to imagine a better landing pad than JP Green House: clean room, private bathroom, great shower, private entrance, free wi-fi, easy walk to T &amp; a breeze into Boston, plus free on-street parking.  Kudos to the host! The listing is totally accurate.  Everything was just as described.  The space is really well laid out, and Sarah has thought of everything including maps of Boston, pens and paper on the desk - even a first aid kit in the bathroom!  The neighborhood is super cute - lots of great places to eat and shop with easy access to public transportation.  It was cold and snowy while we were there, but the carriage house was very cozy.  Sarah was easy to communicate with and quick to respond to any questions.  We would definitely stay here and again and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place in JP. We just returned from Boston. Had an incredible time and couldn't have been happier with our airbnb experience with Lyndsay. The place was incredibly nice, clean and cozy. The host Lyndsay was incredibly kind, helpful and accommodating. The location was very easy to get access the subway into the city. Such a great time exploring from this location. I would definitely go back again!!! Salman and Nabihah are awesome hosts!  Their home is welcoming and immaculately clean.  The guest room has an extremely comfortable bed and relaxing atmosphere, which was crucial for my sister and I during a very hectic wedding weekend.  The location is in a peaceful, quiet neighborhood of Brookline with close access to the T.  I would absolutely stay with them again!  The best part of their place by far was their amazingly adorable, friendly little dog Toto!! Me and my friend had a very good trip in Boston, because we stayed in here and had really nice sleeps. Comfortable room, nice old couples and a cute cat whose name is Darwin. The studio was the perfect space for us during our trip.  It was very cute and cozy.  We appreciated the convenience of having a kitchen and it was a short walk to the transit station. Although we didn't get a chance to meet our hosts, we were able to communicate with Chris and Kristina via text.   We definitely recommend their studio and would love to stay there again the next time we are in town. Danielle's place is lovely and so clean! It's located in a quiet and safe area and is really close to the subway station. I had a great stay there and will be coming again in October. I definitely recommend it! Soledad &amp; Rodrigo's place was great.  Very clean, comfortable, a pleasure to stay in.  Communication was great and timely.  Highly recommended. Joe is a great host! He gave me a warm welcome when I arrived and showed me round the town. I was in Boston for the worst snowfalls on record and Joe made sure I was warm and even lent me some winter gear. The location is perfect for exploring Charlestown, with easy access to the rest of Boston. Highly recommended! Awesome host, responsive professional, handled a late booking for accommodation for industry conference at MCCA with ease. Lovely location, apartment exactly as in images. Would definitely recommend and will happily return with family in the future. Last weekend i stayed my Ed's place and it was awesome. Its a really nice cozy studio apt, in a really beautiful browstone location, and being from brooklyn it was a really nice feel. The Apt itself had everything you could want, updated kitchen, huge tv with all the channels, a nice electric fireplace. Overall although i only got to see Ed the day i left, he was always by his phone with anything i needed or any questions, he even gave us some nice recommendations. i would recommend to get the parking if anyone comes with their own car, parking is hard to find.\r\nI hope ill be back! Prem was an excellent host.  I was in town for a BC game with 2 of my friends and we had more than enough space.  The place is spotless and kept up very well.  Location makes it easy to get many places in the city.  I'd stay here again My parents stayed here while visiting Boston and they loved the apartment! Everything was as described and very clean. The area was very quiet and accessible by T. There was never a time when my parents even needed to use their car as they were exploring all of Boston. The free parking spot was incredibly convenient as well! Would very highly recommend!! Excellent studio apartment right near a T stop. Was easy to find and in a good spot. Victor left us a great selection of beer, soda and snacks as well as recommendations for dinner. He made sure we felt at home and was very friendly. The Apple TV was greatly appreciated! All in all, a very good experience. The apartament was very comfortable, very big and spacious bedroom with everything you may need. The kitchen was complete and the coffee was amazing :) \r\nCristina is an incredible person, host and roommate. She helped me with everything to make my trip and my stay an unforgettable experience. I felt at home while staying at Boston. I absolutely loved this apartment! It had so much charm, comfort, nice space, and character. The pictures are all accurate and the experience of living in it was better than I could hope for. I stayed for a full month and was calling it home after a week. The deck is heavenly and is facing a lovely church where Ted Kennedy's memorial was held back in the day. As for the exteriors, it is located on a lovely little street called Worthington, lined up with brown stone 2-3 floor homes with families and young people together, absolutely wonderful. It is literally a 1-2 min walk to the Green line metro stops Brigham Circle and Longwood, as well as the Stop &amp; Shop Market where you can buy groceries. I also enjoyed dining at the Mission Sushi &amp; Thai restaurant and the Penguin cafe in that same area. Anne was wonderful, very professional and made me feel safe and secure. Another bonus is the 2nd floor neighbor who works at the company that takes care of the maintenance of this apt so if there were any problems with heating etc, which there were none when I stayed, he would be there to immediately take care of it. Wonderful experience overall, thank you Anne. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. My experience in this lovely house is wonderful. Host offered us delicious breakfast and everything we need (bottles of water, clean towels, wifi) for our two-day stay. She even offered to pick us up and drop off us off at the airport, which is very considerate. The bedroom is large and comfy, the bathroom is quite clean although we need to share with others. Overall, I had a wonderful stay here:) The room was beautiful, super clean and comfortable, and with a very nice private bath. Stephen and Megan made us feel very welcome. They provided a shelf in the fridge for us to leave our food items, and even left goodies there for us. The neighborhood is great... had an amazing breakfast at Mul's Diner a few minutes away at 75 W Broadway (the creme brulee french toast and the Irish breakfast are not to be missed if you are a breakfast fan). Altogether a great AirBnB experience. Their home is just as pictured...even a cozy gas fire in the living room, and lots of TV options in the bedroom. Stay here, you will love it. John was super accommodating given that we arrived late on a Saturday night.  He was friendly, and was nice enough to mail back a phone that was left there the very same day, and text back the mail receipt.   The apartment was perfectly situated for the marathon, clean, well kept. The room was exactly as it was listed on the website.  It is small but the bed was comfy, the room clean, and overall pleasantly decorated.  The whole house, in fact, was quite pleasant and enjoyable to be in.  If you're looking for a nice, comfortable, and safe place to put your head at the end of the night I would recommend staying here. amazing place. loved my stay here.\r\nclean ,organized, comfortable place.\r\nHermina is such a sweet host. she took care of everything during th stay. felt like home. :-) This was a lovely apartment in a lovely part of Boston. Really enjoyed the surroundings...  the area is fun and bustling and an easy walk to downtown. It was incredibly easy to get the keys and return them, and the possibility of luggage storage space after checkout time is very useful! The kitchen was well-equipped and the air conditioning was great. The only slight improvement could've been with cleanliness... for example plates and cups in the cupboards weren't very clean and we had to clean them before use. But that was a very small issue, overall a very very good experience! We didn't  have te opportunity  to meet Suzan in person, but she was  very helpful via email and we had a great stay in her cottage. The location is perfect and the space was very clean and pleasant. She went the extra mile to make sure my girlfriend and I were well situated!!!!!! \r\nThanks for everything .... Staying at Brian's place was wonderful! He was there when I arrived and accommodated an early drop off for my bag so I could make the most of my day in Boston. He was a great host, able to recommend some things for me while being very respectful of my own plans, and great communication prior to arrival. The room is exactly as described and pictured in a quiet neighbourhood but a great location only 4 subway stops away from central downtown Boston. Convenient location, great host, wonderful city and fantastic Air BnB experience. Thank you Brian! :) It was a perfect experience. First of all, Robert is very helpful and kind. He provides all necessary information about Boston. Jackie is also very nice and helpful. \r\nAbout room: you have everything that you need for a short stay. There are many books, but it's a part of house charm. The bed is not big, but it's comfortable. Clean, good bedclothes, iron in a bathroom, fast wifi, one-cup coffee maker in the room.\r\nThe house has a great location, it's 5 min from rail station. The quartier is quite, safe and charming. \r\nI would return there. \r\nThank you, Robert and Jackie, for such a pleasant welcome! Gabriella was great.  She was responsive, welcoming and even left a tooth brush for me (which I ended up needing because I forgot mine:)).  \r\n\r\nHer place is comfortable, quiet and in a very good location\r\n\r\nWould definitely stay again Scott's place is beautiful and fully equipped with everything you might need. The double tv in the living room and bedroom is definitely a plus! It's very homely and we loved it. Washer dryer worked well. Kitchen was perfect for cooking or baking, tho we didn't. Neighbors are quiet so we had great privacy and peace. Scott is perfect with communication. Recommend it!!\r\nOnly downside is there's no metro nearby, but there is a bus service silver line. Very nice bedroom with private in the center of Boston. Laurie was super nice too. My son and I spent a week in Kevin's apartment.  We enjoyed the neighborhood...it was far more relaxing than North End, Back Bay, etc. The apartment itself was spacious and quiet.  Bonuses were the great kitchen and backyard.  There were a couple of issues that Kevin and his assistant, Liesl, were very responsive to.  Communications with them was always prompt and entry in and out of the apartment is so convenient. Alex and Wayne were really great. Both are very accommodating and incredibly helpful. The apartment is super clean and light breakfast foods were provided. I highly recommend staying with Alex and Wayne if you are in the Charlestown area, as the neighborhood is very nice as well. We had a wonderful time at Steve's. He was there every morning with Cleo to make sure everything was fine, the room was clean and nice, we had bagels and coffee every morning. The other guests were also very nice. We really felt at home, chilling on the porch at night having a glass of wine. The neighborhood is nice and it is really close to the T slation. Loved our stay and would definitely come back! This is a great space in a great location. The host was very nice and accommodating.  Had no problems at all and would definitely stay again. We had a wonderful stay here.  The space is beautifully decorated, and the host had thought of many things to make the stay pleasant (fresh flowers, sunscreen, even homemade banana bread).  It was easy to find, parking was a cinch, and it was wonderfully nestled between Centre Street and the pond.  I was also surprised and pleased at how cool it stayed.  Thanks for being considerate hosts! We recommend this place! The apartment is big and clean. The hosts were very attentive and welcoming, very responsive before &amp; during our stay and flexible to help us out when our flight got canceled last minute :) Jason is a fabulous host. We had the best time in his beautiful apartment. The space is open and generous and Jason was helpful with every part of our visit. I can't recommend his place highly enough. The location is ideal and you will be very comfortable! Andrew is a very good host - responsive, friendly and respectful.  The bedroom and bath I rented were comfortable and private, tasteful and clean. The location, in an older ethnic neighborhood, was perfect for my purposes - about 10 to 15 minutes by Uber to almost anywhere in Boston. Katy and Ashley were very nice hosts. Their apartment is great, the room we were staying in was very comfy. They helped us navigate the city and the sights. It was a great way to experience Boston. \r\nConclusion: We have to go back :-)\r\nWe can only recommend them as hosts\r\n10/10 Had a wonderful stay at Deborah's place. The pictures were exactly what the real space looked like. It's a really beautiful space with a convenient location. \r\n\r\nDeborah was great communicating with me via text and was amenable to changing the arrival time since my flight got delayed. \r\n\r\nI had clean sheets, clean towels, amenities, etc. Everything was perfect for my stay. Will definitely come back! Ned is communicating very clear. We found a printed version of the house manual with additional details and also recommendations on restaurants, pharmacy, transportation etc. mostly helpful! Ned was a responsive host, replying our questions almost immediately.  Important to note that the apartment was very clean!! like in high-grade hotel!! the bed was comfortable. \r\nThe description of the listing was accurate. The apartment is in a great location, nice neighborhood and indeed close to everything! will be happy to stay there again in the future. Owen was a fantastic host &amp; very accommodating - meeting us very late on the night we flew into Boston. He left us a great list of restaurant &amp; shop recommendations for nearby which came in very handy. His place was in a great location in North End. Would definitely recommend Owen's place for other visitors. We didn't see The hosts but the house was very easy to find and get into. The display of breakfast food in the kitchen was great. The room was a little dated but very cozy and clean. Oh! My! Goodness!  Muching's family, house and room were all amazing.  [Note: Muching was not there, but her mother, Nancy, and her step-father Junzuo, along with a couple of long-term renters -Charles and Jim- were.]  Nancy helped get us there when we got lost and called.  She invited us to eat dinner with them.  She's a full time teacher and cooks great food.  Charles helped us understand the bus and train system.  Jim helped us with maps and bike routes. Junzuo was extremely intelligent and interesting to talk to.  \r\nOur bedroom and bathroom were impeccably clean.   \r\nWe had a perfect guest experience, and highly recommend this place to anyone.     We will stay here again whenever we go to Boston. Alex was a lifesaver and hosted us (me and my fianc ) with very short notice. It is a very nice house with a BIG room with your own bath, just great. We only stayed one night, arrived late and left quite early but we liked it a lot. Really nice people and we both loved their cute cats. My stay at Shawn's place was great. The room I got is spacious and comfortable and everything was as described. Bathroom was also very good. House is at walking distance from a T station and is fairly easy to get from there to the main points in the city. I unfortunately did not manage to interact personally with Shawn, but our online conversation was always very nice and friendly. Shawn replied to my messages pretty quickly and was always very helpful. I definitely recommend his place. The whole experience at Katherine's place was great. The apartment is in very good conditions, perfect size for a couple and so well located in the city. Across the street is the subway station which takes you downtown in less than 15 minutes.\r\nKatherine is a great host, even though we didn't had the chance to meet her, she was always available by phone and solved any question we had.\r\nI totally recommend this place for sure we are coming back.\r\n\r\nOmar &amp; Claudia I needed a place to stay just for one night and I needed it to be close to the financial district, in walking distance of South Station. This was perfect for me! It is a really easy, short walk from South Station and in a nice neighbourhood. Jazz is a wonderful host, very kind and helpful and her room is just beautiful. The bed was as comfortable as my bed at home and the bed linen was lovely! The room, the bathroom and the rest of the apartment were all spotlessly clean and tidy. It was only a short stay but it was a good one! Thanks so much. James' apartment is awesome! First of all the apartment is very spacious and homey, but even more perfect was the location. You are walking distance from everything! Couple blocks away are the Back Bay train station, great shops and restaurants on Newbury street, the Charles River Esplanade and Boston Common. James was also a great host. He's very responsive, flexible, and nice enough to leave an extra air mattress for us. Highly recommend! I absolutely recommend staying here! Gerald is an incredibly welcoming and friendly host. He has a beautiful, unique home, and I am very thankful that he opened it to us. I appreciated that we could have as much privacy as we needed, with a private entrance, but we could also hang out in the common areas. The location is terrific - it is a very short walk to the Back Bay T stop. This is a really good choice for a stay in Boston. Evelyn was one of the most welcoming and considerate hosts that I've had the pleasure of meeting through AirBnB.  She has a terrific home, a great private guest suite (at the top of the house) and goes out of her way to make guests feel welcome.  I would highly recommend her, and her home, to anyone considering a stay in Boston!  \r\n\r\nAnd, to those that are leery of traveling outside of the downtown section, this is a wonderfully safe community with lots of great authentic restaurants in close walking distance. The host is gracious, kind, and wonderful. They were accommodating to our needs and made sure that we were taken care of. The location is awesome, literally just a few steps away from a Train stop which takes you to the heart of Boston. The view of the Boston skyline is AMAZING! There is a park close by, and enjoyable walkways are also near.  The apartment is very modern, with a gym, an incredible lounge with multiple TVs and a pool table, and there is even a conference center if you wish to work. We have thoroughly enjoyed staying that this location. Everything was a win. Location + Hosts + Accommodation + Venue = an incredible experience. This apartment is beautiful!  Andrew was great and made us feel really welcome in Boston.   The apartment is in a really great location and was super clean.   Andrew gave us a few really good recommendations for grabbing a beer/dinner.  I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in Boston! Bob was an awesome host!  He was very welcoming upon our arrival, and then he and his partner actually left for the night so we had the whole place to ourselves.  His apartment was immaculate - it looked exactly like the photos.  It was as nice as a hotel, but more comfortable and more spacious.  When we arrived, Bob had stocked the fridge with milk and juice for our toddler and put out a sweet treat for us.  When we were ready to go, he even offered us a ride to the bus station so we would not have to lug our bags on the train.  We will definitely stay there again if we are in Boston. Doug is sooo nice. And the house is really so good! It's a smart choice for me to have a perfect experience in Boston. Cindy was a wonderful host and her home was charming, cozy and beautiful.  She made sure the fridge was stocked with things we liked, left us sweets and flowers and was friendly and responded quickly to all our emails.  \r\nThe location is perfect for those that want a quiet neighborhood with plenty of walking options nearby for food, shopping, historic sites (just a few blocks from the start of the Freedom Trail) and a lovely walk to the river. Easy access to the T as well.  \r\nWe loved Boston and staying at Cindy's place made it one of the best weekend vacations we've ever enjoyed.  I would not hesitate to stay here again and again. A beautiful apartment, well situated in the Back Bay close to shops, bars, restaurants and the \"T\".\r\n\r\nThe apartment is comfortable, clean and quiet - the perfect place to chill after a busy day in the city.\r\n\r\nMarina is also an excellent host, with good communication before and during my stay.\r\n\r\nHighly Recommended! Laurie was a great host. Really nice and welcoming and had several leaflets ready for me to start planning my trip around the city.\r\nDirections were really clear so I had no problem in finding the house.\r\nThe room is cosy and warm and the bathroom is amazing!\r\nIf you are flexible with your times and can work around Laurie's schedule this is a great place to stay. Staying with Lisa was truly an amazing experienece. She was very helpful whenever I asked for directions and she always had suggestions for places to visit. The transit passes were a plus!! The apartment was cozy and very clean and safe. Lisa keeps the home clean and with everything you could need during your visit, if I ever visit Boston again I would look into this bnb again without a doubt. Izzy was exceedingly kind and overly accommodating to my circumstances as I relocated to Boston.\r\n\r\nThe home in East Boston is a quick 5-minute walk to the [Blue Line] Airport T-station.  You can be in downtown Boston (financial district) within 10 minutes and in Cambridge within 25 mins (via Green/Red Line transfers).\r\n\r\nAlso important, the home is an easy 5-minute walk to a Shaw's Supermarket, Walgreen's and CVS pharmacies, Marshall's, a liquor store and LOTS of diverse restaurants and bakeries.\r\n\r\nThe room was of ample size, and the bed was very comfortable.  Important for me (as I was a 3-week rental), there was ample storage in both a large closet and 4-drawer bureau.  The room was also equipped with a small refrigerator.\r\n\r\nThe bathroom (also large) was shared with other guests -- and there was never a scheduling problem.  The other communal rooms -- kitchen and living room -- were large and comfortable, though my experience was that most guests stayed in their rooms when not out visiting Boston.\r\n\r\nMuch was done throughout my 3-week stay to ensure the communal areas of the home were clean and comfortable for me and the others guests.\r\n\r\nI will always be grateful to Izzy for helping me with my relocation to Boston and for that was done to make my stay enjoyable and stress-free!! If you are looking for somewhere to stay in the Boston area then I urge you to look no further and STAY HERE at Jez and Ken's beautiful home. Yes it's a perfect stopover for the airport but it's also the perfect place to stay no matter how you arrive or intend to leave Boston. From the moment I made a provisional inquiry I found Jez and Ken attentive and full of useful info to help plan my trip. Their home is immaculate, well loved and exactly like the copious photos available on this site. My daughter and I felt privileged to stay there and were trebly blessed to have Shirley around too to make our stay all the more special. From the moment you arrive they will treat you as honoured guests for whom nothing is too much trouble. Breakfast was great (cereals, muffins, toast etc); our own shelf in the fridge was always stocked with orange juice, water and milk and they have a fantastic coffee machine and a selection of teas always available. We could have breakfast when it suited us which led to a very relaxed start to the day. We were also encouraged to use the kitchen, dining room and living room and felt very welcome when we did so.The shower mentioned is to die for and it would be worth booking with Jez and Ken's just to use it. DON'T BE PUT OFF BY ORIENT HEIGHTS SUBWAY STATION BEING TEMPORARILY CLOSED - we stayed with Jez and Ken for 9 nights and found it exceedingly easy, quick and cheap, to get in and out of Winthrop to central Boston and beyond. There's a bus stop just round the corner from the house or a shuttle bus will take you from Orient Heights to the next T Line stop. You could also take the scenic route and take the Winthrop Ferry to Downtown Boston. Jez and Ken are both hard-working and exceptionally busy but we were fortunate enough for Jez to offer to ferry us to the local supermarket and for Ken to have a little spare time which he graciously gave up to show us the sites. Having our own personal tour guide in Ken was fantastic and it was great to spend time with Shirley too. We can't thank you enough. Jez and Ken obviously enjoy meeting new people and take a genuine interest in what you get up to during your stay. Winthrop itself is beautiful and worth spending time in, whilst overlooking Downtown Boston, it's beautiful in its own right. The people are exceptionally friendly and travelling with a 16 year old girl I felt very safe there no matter what the time of day or night. Jez and Ken know the best places to eat: listen to them, we did and had a fantastic lobster meal just round the corner from their home. As you'll no doubt guess I loved my time there and can't wait to return. THANK YOU... Great location, small space but everything you need. Clean too. Howard was super friendly and checking in was easy with the door keypad. Great location and room! The bed was comfortable, the towels and the room were clean. The shower and the bathroom were also really nice - we really loved the shower in the bathroom - it's so big and warm. The process of checking in and out was very well explained and easy. \r\nThe only thing that bothered us a little is that we could hear everything going on in the room next to us. I think the house was redesigned to be hotel-like so there used to be a door between these two rooms. Otherwise, a very pleasant experience, would totally recommend. Cynthia and her family were very accommodating and we had a lovely stay at their place. The room was very cozy with private bathroom, and the location was very convenient. Everyone in the house was very nice to us and we enjoyed their company. It was a big pleasure to stay with them and we would highly recommend it! \r\nSome particular things about our stay that I would like to add. We always felt welcome. Breakfast in the morning was a great asset and I liked that I could cook eggs the way I want. But most importantly, I wanted to talk about the hosts  \r\nCynthia is a very caring and pleasant person. We really appreciated that she landed us a Charlie card when we did not know how to get it, found a coupon for my contact lenses solution when I suddenly ran out of it, and texted me when noticed we had left a light inside a car on.  She helped us save time and money which was very thoughtful and helpful since we came for just a couple of days and had a limited budget. We felt like we are not alone in this new city and someone actually cares about us. Hotels would never offer you that.  I think Cynthia went an extra mile for us because she has a big warm heart. You can tell that by looking at how all her family and guests love and appreciate her. \r\nP.S. It was super nice of Keith to make delicious scrambled eggs for us on our first morning!  This was a great icebreaker: he showed us the kitchen and explained everything; otherwise we might have been too shy to start cooking ourselves. Also, we really liked chatting with him. \r\nAlso, the cat Lucy and the dog Izzy are very cute and added even more to the warm atmosphere in the house.\r\nIt was a great stay! My husband and me are very grateful for Cynthia??s, Keith??s and their family??s hospitality 3\r\n An excellent place to stay in the heart of Charlestown and just two minutes outside of downtown Boston.  Everything was exactly as advertised.  Beautifully appointed house with a parking spot, plenty of comfortable beds and hassle free coming and going.  I would definitely recommend Nicolo's home. A  first class experience all around! The Carneys were friendly and had a great place with comfy beds and nice decor. The availability of breakfast items was also a plus. Neighbourhood was beautiful and serene. Would come back here if possible. Meg's place has everything you want from a trip to Boston - a terrific and super-lovely host, a T station ten minutes away, ample air conditioning and a beautiful flat to relax in after a busy day. Also, there's Wally the schnauzer, who's so charming he could broker peace (website hidden) is a great neighbourhood, there are loads of cute cafes and good food places within walking distance, and it's very pretty. I only wish I could have stayed longer / forever. Great hosts.  Everyone was friendly and very welcoming.  If you are fortunate enough to stay when they are having a party, even better.  Great central location if you need a room in Boston. Sean was a great host.The apartment was just the perfect place to (website hidden) has all we needed: cooking area, fridge and microwave came  in handy. Beds were ok and bathroom was fine. It was hot outside but the air conditioning worked well.Location is good, very close to T stop.Sean even lent us a car seat for our 2 year old daughter, so we are really grateful to him.Fab!! Just like other reviews say - great location, friendly and accommodating host, affordable price. You might want to make a reservation ahead since this place is very popular!; also there are two rooms on his listing, so check out both of them for availability. Andre Thomas was very helpful and informative. Thank you. A beautiful apartment - we didn't meet the hosts but Phoebe their friend was a delight. She really made two VERY tired, weary travellers feel at home. \r\nThe apartment is very spacious, the beds are so comfortable, and it is very warm! Parking is absolutely no problem, it's such a quiet, safe neighbourhood too. \r\nThe wifi is REALLY fast - great as we were working. Only local TV but when you can stream, it doesn't matter :) Great kitchen, good power in the shower too. We had no difficulty driving around - and Wholefoods is just a short drive away too :) Our hosts (Richard and Victoria) made us feel very welcome. They left detailed instructions for our stay, answered any questions we had,  and even left 2 bottles of wine for us to enjoy with our holiday dinners; such a thoughtful touch! They were just awesome; they kept in touch (via text messaging) to make sure that we were enjoying our stay and let us know they were available to immediately address any issue that may arise. The apartment was even better in person - super cute, clean, and comfy! It was also bigger than we thought it would be, with enough room for the 3 of us (me, my husband, and our adult son) to spend time together, but also for each of us to have our own space if desired. The apt had all the described amenities (2 flat-screen TVs, wireless internet, a fully-supplied kitchen, etc.). We all slept well; the beds were big, soft, and warm. The neighborhood was nice, very quiet with a suburban feel. This was our first experience with airbnb, and the bar has been set very high indeed! This was sooo much better than staying in a hotel. The apartment was absolutely perfect - literally a home away from home. We would stay there again in a heartbeat. Kamal was very welcoming  and pleasant gentleman when we arrived at his place. You feel very comfortable in company of the host. He is very helpful in answering  any queries about the area around. \r\nWe had complete access to the fully equipped kitchen and laundry. We had our  own privacy . Their kitty and we became very friendly during this period.\r\nThe location is perfect for  public transportation  and it is 15-20 mins walk to downtown , if you love to walk. \r\nWe stayed here for 6 weeks and would come back here again if I come to Boston.\r\n\r\n Steve is the best host ever! My friend and I went to Boston and stayed there for a few days, whenever we wanted to ask something, we always got prompt responses, and he told us a good restaurant around there which we ended up going 2 days in a row! The place was very clean and in a safe and quiet neighborhood. Steve was a very warm, friendly and welcoming person. I definitely recommend Steve's place for your stay in Boston! Jeff was easy to reach and very responsive to our emails and texts. He was responsible and trustworthy, doing what he said he would do, and being there when he said he would be. Nice neighborhood, right on the bus line to downtown. Jeff showed us where we were on the map, and how to get where we were going. He was helpful, and gave us all the information and help that we needed. We felt welcomed and comfortable. Thank you very much. Hermina is a wonderful host, and it really is like staying with a friend. She is 100% relaxed and generous: letting us share food from the fridge, borrow her GPS, even giving up her own room. A perfect stay! Had a great time in Boston. The house was great, had everything we needed. Particularly liked the communal areas that were available, and loved having breakfast on the outdoor terrace upstairs. We were in Boston for only 3 nights, and Susan's place was the perfect place for us. It is within 2 minutes from the T, and from there you can travel easily to anywhere in Boston. Susan was also a gracious host and made sure we had everything we needed and had some great ideas about places to see and eat. She is also quite the cook and every morning we were treated to Susan's home baking, cooked fresh along with an assortment of other breakfast items. The bedroom and bathroom were both spacious and clean, and it really felt like a home away from home. If you want to visit Boston, then we would wholeheartedly recommend Susan's place. We had a wonderful stay at Alicia and Kostas' place. The house is beautiful, welcoming and hospitable. The hosts are wonderful people, we felt like we've met old friends. We had morning coffee with them and shared our life stories in the beautiful yard under a grapevine canopy. The entire neighborhood is charming, close to the train and lots of good restaurants. We walked back from watching the 4th of July fireworks at midnight and felt safe. \r\n Thank you very much, Alicia and Kostas for the great place to stay and the best memories. Erik and Traci were absolutely wonderful hosts and made me feel right at home in this quiet area of Cambridge.  The apartment is a straight shot to Harvard square and walking distance of the T (easy to get anywhere in Boston).  Erik and Traci were also knowledgeable of Boston and the immediate area around their home and were able to give valuable input as I looked for an apartment for my wife and I.  \r\n\r\nThe area around Erik and Traci is extremely quiet and safe, with lots of families in the area.  Their house was extremely clean and well kept.  It was a pleasure staying with them and I would highly recommend them to anyone. Amanda and Sara were both friendly and accommodating with checkin and checkout times, which really helped me out. Room was very comfortable (somewhat undersold in the pictures), for instance; coffee machine, en suite , tv entertainment . Great stay What a delightful experience staying at Bruce and Berry's home. I found the experience to be everything they said. They were warm and welcoming, got me situated in the house, made sure the temperature in my room was cool enough during the hot summer day. The room itself was beautiful and the house was unique and enjoyable. \r\nIn the morning I was able to meet other people who were staying there as well as have a nice conversation with Berry. The neighborhood seemed very safe and it was a short walk from the T station.\r\nOverall- a very lovely experience! We loved staying at Robert's house. He was an excellent host, took us for a guided tour of Jamiaca Plain when we arrived and made us feel at home. The house is just like it looks online, and is very nice. There are lots of stairs, but they're not a big deal. It was really nice to have our own bathroom and his dog is also very friendly. We did most of our traveling around Boston on the train and the local T stop was an easy walk, plus trains run regularly. The local shops stock mostly organic food and are a bit pricey but it's a very welcoming neighbourhood. Would recommend anyone to go and stay there. Thanks Robert for a great stay. Bruce was not available, so we were hosted by Barry who was incredibly welcoming and warm. The house is simply gorgeous and very cleanly maintained. The house is about 0.5 miles from the MBTA train station, so very convenient. There was complimentary breakfast available and Barry came down during breakfast time and made sure we were comfortable. \r\n\r\nAll in all, Bruce and Barry made sure that our first trip to Boston was memorable. I would definitely recommend their listing to anyone planning on visiting Boston. The host was responsive during our stay and he made sure we had everything we needed. The apartment is modern and perfectly located in Beacon hill with good access to metro, sights and supermarket.  Even though the apartment is quite small it was good enough for me and my husband and we really enjoyed our stay. Great location! Apartment is clean and comfortable. Great place for the price. Definitely recommend. A very cozy, cute space in a great location, especially for convention goers!  Restaurants and other shopping close by, within a short walk....the apartment has an especially comfy bed.  Kate, the host, is delightful and will do her best to make your stay an enjoyable one. I enjoyed my stay at Hermina's house. The room nice and comfortable.\r\nThe train connection to Boston metro area was great. The host was very nice, helpful and hospitable.\r\n\r\nOlga Great place to stay in Boston... The studio is rignt on Beacon Hill and ten minutes walk from the sea !! Henri and Lisa were very nice and helpful. \r\n\r\nThe view on the top on the building is just thrilling !! You can enjoy a beer on a sunset over the golden dome of Massachussett's State House !!\r\n\r\nIt was a really nice time, and we recommend it to everyone ! I stayed at Ari's for two nights and everything was perfect. I actually did not meet Ari, I met his mum, who was super kind and helpful, but Ari emailed me to make sure everything was OK. The room was exactly the same as described, it was very clean, the bed is super-comfy, the kitchen has all you could possibly need, I loved everything about Ari's place! Also, the location is great, it's a very quiet neighborhood, but it has all you need! The Walgreens is just across the street, as well as the coffee shop and some cute restaurants. The bus station to Harvard Square is just steps away from Ari's house. I highly recommend Ari's place to anyone coming to Boston/Cambridge and I will most definitely stay with Ari on my next visit. Kitty from Seamless was a great host. Stayed at The Kensington. Great facility and location. The property is new and has great amenities. The apartment was well fitted with everything needed and had great views. Located about a block from 2 different T stops and a short walk to South Station made this property ideal. Bill was amazing. His apartment is immaculate and has beautiful huge windows with such a beautiful view of wooded area close to subway which was perfect. Bill is a great chef and made me two scrumptious breakfasts. Look forward to returning soon. Excellent apt! Very well kept! Everything about our stay was wonderful.  The location is fantastic and the room is pleasant.  The separate entrance was nice, and the shared bathroom worked well.  Gerald's home has really fun decorations and tons of character.  He also gave us truly wonderful recommendations for places to eat - he knows where to go!  Skye was also a lot of fun. This apartment is beautiful! Exactly as advertised and it's in perfect conditions. I had the opportunity to talk to Edward a couple of times and he is a very kind person who likes to take good care of the place. I received very detailed instructions to check-in the apartment and everything worked great, the security is excellent. Also, the area is beautiful and has  lots of restaurants. \r\n\r\nI recommend this place 100% and I look forward to stay there in the future. We spent 5 nights in Sanjay's appartement. For the two of us it had the perfect size. We could have spent much more days there! All in all a really modern, quiet and clean apartment. Tiffany was an extremely gracious and communicative host; she was very accommodating and made us feel very welcome. The house had everything you could need during a trip and Tiffany even left us snacks, pizza and wine!\r\n\r\nWe truly enjoyed the home and had a great time. I would highly recommend this as a unique way to experience Boston. Jon was always very responsive and accommodating.  Self check-in was very easy; Jon got up very early in the morning to buzz us in from his cell phone.  The location was fantastic, next door to the Downtown Crossing subway stop and walking distance from Quincy Market.  The place was very clean, all of the appliances worked, and the internet was fast.  Also, the tub in the bathroom has jacuzzi jets. Anthony was very good and communication and helpful with check in and out. Didn't actually met him. The people in the property we very friendly although didn't speak English. The room was spotless and had air con. Location was perfect less than 5 min walk to subway so really easy to get into centre and some really nice restaurants close by. The road noise didn't bother us at all. Keith was very helpful in coordinating my stay. The neighborhood was a classic Boston spot full of charm. Easy enough to get there and lay my weary head. The appartment is a comfortable, quiet and very convenient place for a stay in Boston ! You have a supermarket about 5 min by walking and it's pretty easy to park a car near the place. Subway is very close, about 5-10 min by walking and after that, you're in the city center in 10 min. But you can also do the Freedom Trail : it's a walking path which make you discover the city of Boston by going through historical monuments ! And it starts right next to the appartment !\r\nFinally, Rachel and Nate are very welcoming and kind people ! They take care of you and your comfort. They were easily available before our arrival and at any time during our stay.\r\nWe highly recommand these hosts and their appartment ! Kelly is a five star host. Unflappable (and I offered some very good reasons to flap!) and very warm spirited. The apt is chic, neat and cosy plus has the biggest tv I ever saw in my life! The area is very buzzy and full of excellent non-chain restaurants. Thoroughly recommended, particularly the lovely hosts. Thanks Kelly Rafael was very pleasant and communicative, he met us at the door, and everything went very smoothly.  The apartment is very clean and pleasant and in a very nice neighborhood.  The bed is super comfortable!  We had a great night's sleep. I would definitely stay here again. We had a fantastic stay in Paolo's studio apartment. Great location, close to everything wonderful about the North End! The apartment was very clean and equipped in a quiet apartment building with friendly neighbours. Lots of wonderful light. The apartment sleeps four comfortably, if you are OK with sleeping in close quarters, which worked for us! Shout out to Ralph, who met us as soon as we arrived and was very helpful during our stay. Great experience. We'll be back. Jane's house is very beautiful and quiet. My family felt very comfortable living in her house, sometimes I felt that I came back to my hometown. We are grateful to her and her parents for helping us settle down in Boston. Especially, we are glad to share our similar travel story with each other. It is amazing that they can speak English, Chinese and Japanese and welcome guests from all over the world. + Excellent location in terms of subway and accessibility.\r\n+ Lily and Harry were very nice, and got us into the apartment very easily.\r\n+ Pretty nice apartment, room was reasonable size though not huge (full size bed).\r\n+ Hosts were considerate and quiet My stay was brief but very pleasant! The apartment was cozy and clean, and the bay windows in my room added extra cheer. Soledad is a wonderfully gracious person, and fascinating in conversation. The place has my highest recommendations. We really enjoyed staying at Lisa and Brian's place. They make it very cosy for their guests. The room has some books that can give you great information on Boston, and they are also very helpful in suggesting restaurants or points of interest. The Bed was fantastic! Slept like a baby. The free public transportation passes are a huge plus. The other thing I really liked was the breakfast in the morning. Lisa is interested in starting a B&amp;B in the future, and based on our stay, I'm sure it will be a success. Will come here for another stay in Boston. Lisa was a great host ,friendly and helpful. Room was clean and big enough. It was great stay in Boston.\r\nhighly recommend. Soledad is a wonderful, friendly host.  She is very efficient and takes her guests satisfaction very seriously.  The room is small but very adequate for one person.  The bed was comfy.  There are 4 large windows so it does not feel closed in.  The usable desk is a nice plus.  The apartment is spotlessly clean with a nice kitchen.  I felt very safe parking my car and walking to the MBTA.  Bottom line, nice room, free parking, $30 per night, Boston.  Hard to go wrong.  I will stay again on my next trip.  Thank you Soledad!\r\nGwen We had a lovely stay in Susan's beautiful Victorian townhouse! Susan is a wonderful host and bakes delicious cakes for breakfast. We also loved Susan's adorable puppy, Zoe. The house is so close to a red T line station and it was extremely easy to get into the city centre. Everything was really clean and comfortable! Thank you Susan! Very nice place at an excellent neighborhood, close to the Boston Common and the T. It was exactly as pictured in the website, cozy and clean. The door code system was easy to use and very convenient. Would definitely stay there again. Highly recommended. We enjoyed our stay at Frank's place. Frank is a terrific host and it was a pleasure getting to know him a little.  The place is exactly as advertised. Nice large room, clean and well maintained with comfortable beds. Having parking available is a big plus if you are driving.  The location is safe and private and it is not difficult to go to Cambridge or to downtown Boston if you want to drive there. Taking public transportation requires a bit more effort since you need to take a bus to the nearest T station.  Again - driving from here to the other places was easy and it was nice to know that parking was available when you returned.  Frank was very flexible and we enjoyed getting to know him. Jessica's enchanting Oasis was even better than expected. The photos are beautiful but reality does not do them justice, you really have to be there. The beds were super comfortable, the house very clean (smells amazing!). Jessica has a talent for interior decorating. Her carriage house is a warm and welcoming place to relax after touring the sites. Waking up to a yummy breakfast and gourmet coffee tops the list; especially when you can enjoy it on her sunny terrace.\r\nThe location was perfect.  It was easy to get around in order to visit all the hot spots in Boston. A 10 minute walk to the T train red line which will take you everywhere you want to go. \r\nIt was everything we were looking for and more. Great room, in a very convenient, central part of town, and close to the T Orange line. Air conditioning was a life saver on a hot weekend. The massage chair was so nice after a long day of walking. Howard provides all kinds of hotel-like amenities ?? full set of towels, toiletries, umbrella, maps, extra pillows and blankets, and most importantly, a bathroom all to ourselves. Thanks so much! Jessica's house is just beautiful. Wide spaces, clean, well equipped, it had everything we expected.\r\nThe neighborhood is nice and safe and public transportations are close.\r\nJessica is a great host, available and helpful; we really loved dealing with her.\r\nI can only recommend this place if you're visiting Boston. Jason was an excellent host. I booked for a sofa bed but he let me stay in another room with a real bed because it was available. I really appreciate it. The place was tidy and spacious. The location is perfect since it's very close to the train station. :) Excellent accommodation in a great location! The apartment is larger than it looks in photos - with all the amenities you could need and very comfortable beds. It is a short walk to the T station with easy access all over town. The JP neighborhood itself is fun to explore and our lovely hosts gave us great suggestions for local places to check out.  I would definitely recommend this place to others!! Kida is a great hostess! Her space is quiet and decorated in a really cool way. High ceilings and a view of the ballpark are a plus. I highly recommend her space! I had a wonderful stay--I was there for 5 weeks and building was clean and quiet.  Great stay, very helpful if I needed anything.  Its an amazing location in the heart of Beacon Hill. Clement was extremely nice and I felt very welcome  at his home. His apartment was clean and cozy - I would definitely stay here again! This place is very spacious and everything is great ! It is located at a quiet and nice neighborhood with lots of good restaurant. There are some meter parking available on the street. Very happy with the entire experience and much thanks to Kevin who showed us the place. For my first airbnb experience staying at Jair's place was great. He was very helpful and responsive. The flat was great. Great time with great hosts!  Homey environment and friendly cat.  Sally and Bruce were engaging and very generous- they even gave us a ride to the train station when we were in a pinch!  Whole Foods is right around the corner, so all of your food needs are easily met.  Restaurants are within walking distance.  The \"T\" is just a few blocks away and can zip you to other nearby shopping/restaurant hubs as well.  Easy 20 minutes on the T to the Back Bay, Boston Commons. The financial district and the North End are just a few stops farther.  Good overall location, slightly removed from the hustle and bustle, quiet at night, great hosts. I stayed with Ali for almost two months during a research visit at Boston College. \r\n\r\nHe was an amazing host, who showed me around, was always very helpful and introduced me to a lot of nice people. As a roommate he is very considerate and although we both had our schedules we often shared dinner and since we have a lot of common interests, we had many great discussions. I think it is fair to say, that I also found a friend in Ali.\r\n\r\nThe appartment is tidy and clean, very bright and with all kinds of amenities. The neighborhood is quiet and friendly and most importantly in walking distance to BC. There is a lake close by, which is nice for running. Restaurants and a great coffee place are in walking distance.\r\n\r\nI would recommend it without any hesiation. The apartment was perfect! Super clean with everything we could want or need! Wifi and TV worked with no problems! The location was ideal- easy access to great South End restaurants and a short walk to Back Bay or Fenway! I would definitely recommend this place for a stay in Boston! Jose was always available. Feedback and Directions were great - fantastic location. Local corner coffee shop for breakfast... Excellent. Salem Street right around the corner. \r\nLots of stairs to clime, 4th floor - don't bring lots of luggage.  Bed was quite comfortable. Apartment Needs to be cleaner. Bathroom has seen its better days, needs repairs. I would like to echo all the wonderful reviews here. I stayed for four days on a recent trip and everything was just lovely. The room and entire home are beautifully decorated and super clean. The Carney's are warm and gracious hosts. The neighborhood is beautiful and quiet and a nice respite after sightseeing in the bustle of then city. This is where I will stay on any future trips to Boston. I had a wonderful stay here! I felt warmly welcomed by Sarah and her brother, who lives here as well, and all my needs were provided for with touching kindness and care. They are lovely people; Sam even walked me to the bus/train station and stayed until I'd found the right bus for Cambridge! It's a nice neighborhood close to the heart of city and imminently walkable to and from if you're up to it, and the T and buses are pretty easy and close. My room was very private, clean, and QUIET (except for some Logan Airport action overhead in the morning). You can lock your stuff up here with no worries. They offered me meals as well, and I felt very at home and welcome in every way. \r\n\r\nThis was the perfect overnight bed for me - affordable, comfy, close to where I needed to be, easy in and out, free parking, with great hospitality and no hassles or anything unexpected. I'd be happy to stay here again, anytime. I had a great experience. Had a great time in Boston! Susan was super helpful, and very accommodating. She runs a very friendly, clean BnB in a nice area with easy access to the RedLine subway to get you anywhere you want to go in Boston. Thanks Susan! Great host, comfortable bed, location is perfect Vicki was wonderful. Great place, great location, great host. Absolutely recommending to anybody. We are just heading home from our lovely stay at Megan and Chris' place. Their home is located in a quiet residential area, very convenient to the train with many amenities in a short walking distance. We had no trouble with check in or out. Their home is warm and cozy, very accommodating to guests. The hosts are friendly and helpful and we would recommend this spot to any of our friends traveling to Boston. Just a perfect new house in a very nice and safe neighborhood super convenient to the grocery store, restaurants, shopping, bars, and Harvard Square.  Todd is such a great host, he's super friendly, helpful, and his place is immaculately clean!  It was easy to get around too, the bus stop is right at the end of the street.  I would definitively recommend his house again. This was our first time using Airbnb and it was a great experience.  Lisa was a great host and we would definitely stay here again if ever in the Boston area.  The bus/train  cards she provided made it very easy to get around and enjoy the city.  The rooms were clean, comfortable and accommodating.  Thank you, Lisa for being such a great host! Lisa made us feel very welcome from the moment we got there. She allowed us to leave our bags before check in time and after check out time wich was really convenient. The snacks and bottle water left in the room was a nice gesture we greatly appreciated. The T passes a plus. The room was exactly like the picture, very clean and comfortable. Kitchen and bathroom spacious and clean. We did not have a chance to enjoy the rest of the house as we were out from early morning to late at night touring the city. Lisa was attentive to our needs and very helpful.\r\nThe Arnold arboretum was a pleasant experience, conveniently located and with a fascinating view of the city.\r\nWe loved our stay and would do it again and recommend it to family and friends.\r\nThanks again Lisa. Had a wonderful time staying at the Top of the South End Brownstone. Sarah and Ben were very accommodating hosts. Highly recommend. Great neighborhood.  Easy access and a wonderful apartment. Taskin was welcoming and the room was clean and cozy as advertised. It was a convenient location and a really great value place to stay. No negative comments to be made. Sparkling best describes this apartment. Jason was an excellent, friendly, and approachable host. He really had all angles covered for his guests, providing us with useful information like parking and where to get some good pizza. I look forward to my next trip to Boston and staying here again. Great location, easy access and host was a good guy. Thumbs up This was our first Air B&amp;B experience and we found it great. This is a beautiful home set in a lovely, friendly neighbourhood   The facilities were very good and our room was very spacious . Although we were too busy to meet Victoria all her pre trip messages were friendly and helpful this property represents good value for money. Had a wonderful stay in Somerville at the Dural home! Everything was clean, and as it turns out the location was great! Host was very nice, and the wifi worked. The apartment was wonderful and very comfortable. Recommended! Jez is a very nice guy. And the room is very clean and nice. Thank you so much for a wonderful stay Sophia!\r\n\r\nThe location is perfect - in Chinatown and surrounded by great Chinese restaurants and small businesses.\r\n\r\nThe apartment is nice, clean, and everything is as described in the post. Bed is soft and very comfortable. \r\n\r\nThere were maps, notes, recommendations, and contact info sheets in the bedroom upon arrival. Communication via AirBnB mails, phone calls, and text messages were very fast and check in/out were smooth and convenient.\r\n\r\nThe only thing is that I am a very light sleeper. Individual AC in the bedroom was a little loud, and it sounded like some utility machines outside of the apartment as well. I was having trouble falling asleep the first night due to the noise; however, I was able to get some ear plugs from nearby CVS on the next day, and I have no problem sleeping after that.\r\n\r\nThanks again Sophia and it was a wonderful stay!\r\n\r\nAddie\r\n\r\n\r\n Very nice apartment. Extremely easy, convenient process for getting in and out. Great host! Great experience loved Tanias home. Great place! Kevin was very nice and accomodating. He checked in on us the first day and was available for anything we might need.\r\nThe apartment is exactly as advertised, fully equipped and in a great area of the city with lots of restaurants and beautiful streets. Everything looks new and is super clean.\r\nWe wish we could have stayed longer! Rosalia and Blackjack were great hosts. Lovely apartment and really comfy bed and room. Only stayed a short time but felt very welcome and was given good recommendations for places to eat and go etc. Nice area and not far from great places to see and do. Would thoroughly recommend staying with both Rosalia and Blackjack. The apartment itself was wonderful.  Great space, full kitchen, fabulous shower.  The location right in the heart of the North End was fantastic.  Easy access to public transportation and easy walking to incredible restaurants and historic sites.  Florence responded quickly and was easy to reach when I had a question.  Only downside was the noise.  The building itself is not very sound-proof and you could easily hear people both talking and moving around in the apartment above.  Also, lots of street noise.  Not a great place if you are a light sleeper unless you bring ear plugs. Listing was accurate. Neighborhood was easy to access and made it easy to get around town. Place was clean and quiet. I'd highly recommend this listing to others as a convenient and restful place in JP. Very nice space, in a quiet part of the North End, but very close to all the action. You will everything you need in the apartment. We slept two people on the couch and it is comfy. Paolo was a wonderful host. We forgot a kindle in the apartment and with his help we were able to retrieve it by the next the morning. So, highly recommended! We had stayed for one night at the Westin Boston Waterfront hotel before moving into Tiffany's wonderful home and let's just say that our stay at Tiffany's beat the so-called \"AAA Four Diamond award-winning hotel\" by miles!! The beds and bedsheets were much more comfortable, we had free Wi-Fi (the hotel did not), Tiffany's home was much (much!) cleaner, warmer and not as dry, the area was nice and quiet and within walking distance to the subway and other activities. Our host was awesome! She really went out of her way to make us comfortable and feel welcome on our trip to Boston. We had a chance to meet with her and we loved her instantly! We wanted for nothing and we had all the amenities that we could wish for and more! She left clear instructions on how everything worked from the Wi-Fi to her own personal reviews on which places to go eat. Our group was in town for a conference at the BCEC and some days were so busy we hardly had time to eat; all the treats and food Tiffany left specifically for her guests really came in handy at the end of the day. It was our first airbnb experience and if they are all like this one, we'll never stay in another hotel again! \r\nWould come back to stay here again! \r\n\r\nVi, Leila and Sylvia (from Montreal) The directions were great and the place was very easy to find from the airport. The room itself was super quiet. The app was cleaned up and very well located. The kitchen has everything you need, the couch was comfy and the Wifi was fast. A nice app for vacation! We really enjoyed staying there! \r\n\r\nFrom the North End it is easy and comfortable to travel to all the different sights in Boston - downtown as well as Cambridge. Victoria was friendly and we had a pleasant stay, she kindly let us drop off our luggage early.  The room was charming and spacious, with ensuite bathroom.  The kitchen was ample with many amenities.  Conveniently located in the heart of Jahmaica Plain, with easy access to the city by bus and subway. The apartment was great and Jason was terrific.  The place was everything it was advertised to be--looked great, very comfortable and homey, great location and have everything we needed for a great stay in boston.  Jason met us on arrival, provided us with cookies and a bottle of wine and went out of his way to be helpful. I had a very nice experience staying with ToRena.  She was hospitable, helpful, and checked in with me to make sure my stay was enjoyable.  The neighborhood was not ideal but I ultimately felt safe in the apartment.  The rooms were comfortable but were pretty hot, as there was no air conditioning; however, I did have access to fans.  Overall, I would certainly recommend this listing!!  Thank you for hospitality, ToRena! My partner and I stayed with Sarah for the weekend for a wedding in Boston. Sarah was a great host and shared coffee with us in the mornings. We didn't see her a lot but when we did she was friendly and helpful with great tips of what to see in the city when we had free time. The room is cozy and bright - but with shades to keep out the sun if you want to sleep in. The bed was comfortable and there was a closet and drawers for our clothes.  There was a bathroom just for us which was clean and tidy. The apartment location was just perfect!  A block from the heart of Chinatown and a short, lovely walk from everything we wanted to see. If we go back to Boston we will definitely look at staying with Sarah again. We had a lovely time staying in the cottage. It was well equipped with everything we could need. Susan was very friendly and helpful and knowledgable about the local area. Very clean and convenient location. Apartment met our expectations and more. Highly recommend to anyone. It was our first accommodation by the AirBnB and were lucky to stay in with Jeff and Katie. They are excellent hosts, give all information that you need, all the privacy and freedom that you want. At the same time, they are always available when you need it. \r\nThe apartment is as shown in the pictures, very comfortable and cozy. The bathroom is really private and very well equipped (also with tub). \r\nWe use car and not use public transport, but we have seen that it is quite easy to access. It's a bit far from downtown, but the travel time is fast and quiet. There are also shops, markets and food not very far, but also advise you to buy your groceries and prepare your own meals, since the kitchen is very well equipped and spacious. \r\nDogs are lovely and quiet and the cat appears very little. \r\nThus, we consider the great price for what they offer and we indicate to everyone to stay here.\r\nWe hope to return soon and certainly we would stay here again. We didn't see Shawn often. But this is really a nice apartment. The Bedrooms are clean. The kitchen is amazingly well equipped. There is many big supermarket nearby for about 10m walking. The traffic is also very convenient. The red line is nearby for about 2m walking. I had brief but wonderful stay with Edward. The location cannot be beat with a short walk to the hustle of the popular shops and restaurants but nestled on a charming quiet street of gorgeous brownstones in the historic Back Bay/South End. Major bonus is the newly finished rooftop deck with a stunning unobstructed view of Boston. Bed was heavenly, everything was clean and pristine as described. Edward was a kind, warm, and gracious host!! Enjoyed talking with home about he city he calls home!!  I will absolutely be back for a longer stay in the future! The house and the room were very nice and very clean and the neighborhood was quiet. My friends and I arrived late at night, but Taskin was very flexible with the check-in. It was also very easy to contact him because he answered the messages quickly. I recommend this place to stay. Jesse was an incredible host. He was very welcoming and gave an overview of what to do nearby. It is a great location and very safe. It was my first time at Boston so choosing this place make my stay more enjoyable as I experienced what living in Boston is. Excellent location, space, and host. Loved enjoying the back patio and the great sound system! The bedrooms are on the top floor and then there are stairs down into the lower level where the kitch and living room are. We had a great girls' weekend in Boston and were very comfortable and had easy access to downtown. Would definitely stay here again! The host even gave us info about where we could park nearby for free. We had a lovely three night stay in Joe's flat. It was clean, quiet and ideal for a family, having two bedrooms and a separate sitting room. It is also very conveniently located on a quiet street, only a few minutes walk from the nearest T station. The provision of bagels, eggs and juice etc for breakfast was great as it saved having to go out and find a cafe. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend it over an impersonal hotel any time! Becky was a lovely hostess.  Extremely accessible and accommodating, especially considering the chaos that occurred immediately following the Marathon bombing.  I ended up having to cancel my first night and she refunded me right away. Very ethical and considerate.  Love her place!  Her friendly cats are an extension of her own outgoing and lovely personality.  I highly recommend a stay with Becky.  There was on-street parking right outside her building which was a big plus coming to Boston by car, and her quinoa breakfast was to die for!  Enjoy! Rosalia made me feel totally welcomed. She truly loves running an AirBnB. We enjoyed some chats and even watched TV together. The bedroom was roomy and I appreciated having a small desk and coffee in the morning. The location is very convenient. I would definitely return. I loved my stay in this place. Anne was perfect when I needed. The appartment was awesome. The location for me also was awesome. Who will work at MGH hospital is just 8min walk. I recomend this place for sure. We had such a wonderful experience staying at Max's place. The apartment building is beautiful and brand new (opened in 2013). It's half a mile from the Boston Convention Center, so very convenient for conference goers. Max was very friendly and has lovely furniture and artwork in his place, plus a grill, heater and full couch on his patio. The sunrises are exquisite. We also enjoyed the huge lounge down the hall, which has million-dollar panorama views of Boston's skyline, a pool table, a full kitchen and a huge furnished patio. The neighborhood is great, lots of restaurants and a grocery store down the block. A great experience, one we would happily repeat the next time we're in Boston. Thanks Max!! Molly and Ben were wonderful hosts. I am very glad I was lucky enough to be able to stay with them, and if I am back in Boston, I would jump at the chance to do so again. A very quirky but comfortable stay, excellent location and super convenient. Was on a tight schedule so regretfully didn't manage to meet the host, met his associate who was very nice and helpful. I am a light sleeper and I slept very well in Robert's house. Unforgettable stay My husband and I were booked to arrive at Marguerite's the very day after the shoot-out with the Boston Marathon bombers, while the younger brother was still at large and the whole city was basically in lock down! I had only arrived back in the States the night before and was not even aware of what was happening. Marguerite called us first thing in the morning to give us her report on the situation, well in time for us to cancel or postpone our trip. I was very grateful that she had been proactive, thus giving us the time to make our decision. Moreover, she was quick to reassure us that we would be refunded if we did decide to cancel and she would be glad to have us at a different time if we preferred. In the end, we decided to make the trip, but we spent the first night at an airport hotel, only getting to Marguerite's for the second night. (I should add that she took care of getting our refund to us promptly and even arranged with airbnb to give us a bonus coupon to use for our next airbnb stay somewhere! That was going above and beyond, and we really appreciated it!) When we finally did arrive at her place, we were quite enchanted by the hominess of our little basement flat. (Personally, I felt much happier in that cozy space than I had at the somewhat sterile hotel!) We had our own separate entrance and could come and go as we pleased without disturbing anyone. The windows in the main room looked out into the garden where tulips and forsythia were in glorious spring bloom! (My husband enjoyed sitting in the sunshine on the little patio in the corner of the garden where there were chairs and a table.) A bottle of wine and two goblets with a corkscrew were thoughtfully laid out on the marble-topped coffee table to welcome us when we first walked in. (My Facebook picture that day showed my husband raising his glass as he relaxed in the old-fashioned rocker next to the coffee table :) I was a wee bit concerned about the bed being a futon, but, in fact, it was super comfortable (and nicely made up with a pretty Americana quilt--with plenty of extra blankets and pillows handy.) We had our own full bathroom, closet and chest of drawers, a desk to work at, and Internet and a nice flat-screen TV that all worked just great. Marguerite was very welcoming in the mornings, preparing a nice breakfast for us. We really enjoyed chatting and getting to know her and discovered that we had many common interests. (I forgot to add that, after the wine, our first clue that we were going to like our hostess came as we perused the many fascinating books she had lining the walls of our apartment!) Marguerite's home is within easy walking distance of the subway (\"T\") and also of one of... This is a GREAT place to stay. The apartment is neat, clean and well cared for. Mikhail was very responsive to emailed questions during our stay. It was easy to get in and to \"check out\" and the reserved parking spot was super convenient. Jim's charming Victorian home was exactly as described: comfortable and warm, and in a great location. My mother, sisters and nieces spent a wonderful girls' weekend in the house, with easy access to the downtown Boston sites and nearby amenities. South Boston is a vibrant neighborhood with much to offer on its own. Parking was a breeze, and we never had to use the parking space set aside for the house, although we were very happy to have that option.\r\n\r\nJim was a gracious host, and made us feel very welcome in his space. When the party grew from the original four to six, he was flexible and accommodated us without a problem. If we're ever looking for a house in Boston for the weekend, we'll definitely try to stay at Jim's charming Victorian home again. \r\n\r\nThank you, Jim! Highly recommend staying with Becky and her cats.  Very relaxed environment, great coffee and fabulous baked goods.  Good local area with bars, cafes and highly-walkable metro/subway station.  Had a bit of trouble with assorted door locks, but that could have been senility or red wine.  Would definitely stay with Becky and her feline crew again.  Martin Jenny place is very nice, quiet. She is graceful host and accommodates your needs . We had wonderful stay there. I stayed at Katys house for 2 weeks. I really enjoyed my experience there, it was way better than a hotel, it felt like home. the house is big, clean, the neighborhood is safe and as I didnt have a car, watertown is very well located, you have a bus running 5 mins away from her house going all the way to Havard square ( only a 10min ride) if you have a bike you can ride there as well, its pretty close.\r\n\r\nkaty is very nice, welcoming, she's working full time and she's a very busy woman so you wont see her much around the house but she will take time out of her schedule to answer any of your questions or just chat.\r\n\r\nI highly recommend the house if you're looking for a place in the area. The place was exactly as it look son the photos. Danielle and Cory were really arranging they let us in and out at the time of our convenience, that was great. We were really happy with our stay and definitely recommend it! It was our first experience with airbnb. Barney and his family are very friendly hosts. the house is very lovely and clean. It is located near a metro station from where you can reach the center of Boston in a few minutes. We appreciated staying there and are very pleased to recommend it. We definitely will come back one day... Sean was very kind and came in to let me into the building. The apartment was very small but worked great for a single night stay. If you are tall like me (6 feet) the bathroom can be cramped, but it's a great bargain nonetheless! This is a great place to stay! Alex and Matt are so nice and friendly and hospitable, and the kitties are delightful.\r\n\r\nThe 3rd floor is private (you get the whole floor and it's very quiet), airy and comfortable, also with a super-clean, attractive bathroom. (The rest of the house is beautiful and equally super-clean!) There is a giant flatscreen tv hooked up to Hulu and Netflix, and a giant cozy beanbag chair sized for two that is basically the best thing I've ever sat in. Alex and Matt set up the fire for us so we could have a fire in the private fireplace in the room at night. I had a great time here and our hosts made us feel so welcome. Thank you Alex and Matt! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Nina's charming house. The bedroom was clean and comfortable, and it was great to have a private bathroom. She also provided breakfast items including coffee, breads and yogurt, and vegan cream cheese for me!:) Oh, and Teddy (the dog) is adorable. \r\nWe also loved the neighborhood and its proximity to the train, as well as some great restaurants. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience airbnb-ing with Sarah, she is a very kind woman who really cares about the well-being of those staying in her apartment. \r\n\r\nThe apartment was exactly as advertised, and the bathroom was shared by myself and one other airbnb-er. There was no curfew and getting into the room was very non-invasive to the house life.\r\nAlso, I should mention that Sarah provides soaps and shampoos, a towel, and a store of FOOD for guests. I was pretty impressed.\r\n\r\nThe neighborhood around the apartment was less affluent than I was expecting, but I was never worried by the fact; I talked to some people around and they were all very nice. There is ample street parking in front of the property, it is listed as permit only, but I was assured by multiple neighborhood people that it was not enforced and I never got any trouble for parking there. \r\n\r\nAll in all, my experience exceeded my expectations and was well worth the money. For this price, Sarah could be largely negligent of her guests and still get away with it, but instead her performance was far above average. Jason was a great host, very responsive and accommodating.\r\nThe apartment is spacious, very comfortable, and in a great location. Tim was an excellent host. The apartment was exactly as described---no surprises at all.  It was clean, cute, and very comfortable. The neighborhood is amazing. Close to tourist attractions, yet a real, safe neighborhood. Tim was great with logistics, like accessing keys, too. He met me in person at the apartment, and explained  a bit about the apartment. A nice touch. Great studio! Rafael was very accommodating when we arrived late, he gave me a quick tour and then was out and about. There was a TV, a small couch a cute private yard and open kitchen. If you're planning on staying a few nights or just one night, I highly recommend it.  Great part about the studio, it's walking distance from great restaurants, coffee shops and grocery stores so you can't go wrong! Charming apartment, nicely decorated and furnished, photos give accurate picture of the rooms. Large enough that the 4 of us who stayed here never felt cramped. Appreciated that space was left for us in the refrigerator for our breakfast items. Really enjoyed the Jamaica Plain area, convenient for shopping (walked to Whole Foods) and restaurants (would highly recommend Tres Gatos and Bella Luna), no parking restrictions (we easily found nearby spaces for our rental car), 10 minute walk to the T station. Wifi worked well, no cable TV, enjoyed Netflix after long days of sightseeing in Boston. No microwave, if that is important to you. Shower worked great, plenty of hot water. Harry responded quickly to emails, reservation process was easy, special thanks to Glynna, who so patiently waited for us to give us the keys after we took a wrong turn leaving the airport. \r\n\r\nAlthough other reviewers mentioned how quiet the apartment is, this was unfortunately not my experience at night. It is next to a gas station and there was quite a bit of noise from there, especially in the very early morning. One night the fuel truck arrived at 1:00 am and took at least an hour. If you are not used to typical city traffic noises (sirens, horns, loud music, etc) it can be disruptive to your sleep.\r\n\r\nDespite that one criticism, I would definitely stay here again. Much better than a sterile hotel room! We loved Boston and all it offers, but appreciated coming \"home\" to JP and this homey apartment. Lily &amp; Harry's place was convenient, clean &amp; modern.  They were helpful and had great local restaurant recommendations.  We'd definitely stay here again. Really nice place - functional, charming, always quiet and clean. Molly and Ben are greats hosts, thoughtful and welcoming. Easy access to subway. Absolutely worth it! This was my second stay at the unit (though I was in a different room) and again my stay was fantastic. The room was spacious and immaculate. Soledad and Rodrigo are so great and responsive in their communication and make every effort to assure that your stay is a comfortable one. The internet access was great, kitchen was fully equipped and the location is central. I felt very safe walking and driving around the neighborhood. And the affordability cannot be beat. I was in town for a conference and having a comfortable, quiet, close to public transportation, and affordable place to stay was invaluable. If you're a light sleeper I would suggest earplugs, because you sometimes may hear folks coming in. I wholeheartedly recommend any of Soledad and Rodrigo's properties as they put such thought and care into each unit. The house is super easy to get to, very close to the metro. Hermina is lovely, she made me coffee and gave me a nice pastry in the morning. The room was nice and large. Overall good experience! Fabulous stay! Perfect for what we needed! Wonderful location - Convenient to Boston College. Comfortable bed. Extremely clean home. James and Afeng were extremely accommodating and helpful! It was our first experience using airbnb and were lucky to have been hosted by such wonderful people!! Very comfortable bed, super clean, everything as promised. Very close to South Station bus terminal, train station, and red line metro stop. We were there very briefly but it suited our needs perfectly. Gerald was a wonderful host, I was very comfortable the moment I met him.  He was very generous with his helpfulness and home.  Real sweet little doggie too!  Laurence Street is historic and beautiful, and very convenient to Copley and the Back Bay. We enjoyed our stay at Lyndsay's very much! The appartment is comfy, nicely decorated and very clean. The location is great for taking the T-train but also close to downtown by car. She always answered quickly had I any questions. I can highly recommend this place if you are in Boston! Lisa and Brian were great, gracious hosts. Their large home is a bona fide B&amp;B, complete with chocolates on the pillows, continental breakfast, a movie projector, plenty of guidebooks, and other friendly guests. My husband and I stayed in the Boston Room. Very cozy. Although a bit far from downtown Boston, the unlimited Charlie cards (public transportation) made it easy to get around. Roslindale is also a cute little area with fun shops and decent restaurants. We had a great stay at Deborah's loft. It's so spacious, comfortable and clean. The location is in the heart of the city. We didn't bring a car and were able to walk to many places. It's also very convenient to public transportation. Deborah was also easy to stay in touch, gave us a mini tour of her place when we arrived, and answered any questions. She's very pleasant! I'd definitely recommend her place. Place was great and as advertised. Clean and comfortable. Short walk to the best parts of JP Frank was very welcoming. The room was just as described. Very convenient to public transportation. Frank's wife surprised us with coffee and breakfast which we were not expecting. We felt very comfortable there. Free parking was also provided. Very safe nieghborhood. Highly recommend ror visits to Boston. Vicki was very nice, she helped us  getting around, she was interested in making our stay a pleasant one, her home was beautiful, cozy, super clean, location was excellent, it's an easy walk the convention center, we used public transportation, the bus stop was three blocks. It was everything we expected and more!! Definitely recomend it. Great location.  Fun neighborhood.  Super convenient.  Owen was great to deal with.  I highly recommend. This was a very clean, comfortable, and pleasant place to stay.  The location can't be beat and Jazz went out of her way to make me feel welcome.  A+++! Aaron was a great host and so easy to work with. We had a crazy schedule while in town and he was flexible and accommodating. The Lyft credits were an awesome bonus and helped us get around easily. He also was willing to take us to the airport at 5 a.m.! We only slept in the room, arriving late and leaving early, but it suited our needs perfectly. Ravi's place is quite lovely, comfortable, and a fantastic location. Highly recommended! It was my first air B&amp;B experience and it was wonderful!!\r\nHermina is very hospitable, generous and kind to her guests. She makes you feel really comfortable and gets you whatever you may need for a pleasant stay..\r\n\r\n\r\n This place is exactly as advertised. A bright and beautiful place, it's easy to reach by car and has convenient parking (though watch out for street cleaners!). We stayed on weekdays, so we didn't see much of our hosts, everything was very well taken care of and conveniently labeled. We had use of a separate bathroom. Everything was clean and nice.\r\n\r\nThis place was perfect for our needs, as we were spending two days exploring Boston. Easy to park, close to the Orange line subway station (3 minute walk). There were even subway cards provided for added convenience. Would definitely recommend. We had a great time exploring Boston from this very conveniently located accommodation. The bed was very comfortable, and the rooms were clean and quiet. The kitchen and bathroom had everything one needs, and Tricia was very helpful. We would definitely come again. We had a great time in Boston! The house and room was just as on the pictures and very very clean. It is well located in a nice, safe neighbourhood and ideal to visit Boston city center as well as Harvard and MIT. The only issue was a bit the communication. We were allowed to leave our luggage in the corridor after checking out, but when we came back no-one was there to let us in. Luckily a guest opened the door for us. Nevertheless it was a great accomodation we definitely recommend. Very nice and quiet neighborhood just a few minutes outside of central Boston.  Danish was very helpful and welcoming.  Definitely a perfect place to come back to at night after a Boston adventure. The room was perfect, in a really nice house with a lot of charm. The neighborhood was calm. 10 minutes to T, and then 15 minutes to downtown. The hosts were really considerate, providing us with breakfast, bathrobes, bath products, etc. We loved our stay at Carney's family and we recommend it to anyone who wants to visit Boston! The Pink Room was everything I could have hoped. My roommate and I joined Andrea at her home in the Pink Room for the 4th of July weekend and our stay was absolutely perfect. \r\nThe Pink Room is located in a stunning part of Boston, and it is easily accessible to the city center within minutes by public transportation or car. Andrea gave us a warm welcome tour making us immediately feel right at home. The Pink Room comes with everything you may possibly need during your stay such as towels, a welcome basket with goodies, wash clothes, a TV, fast WiFi, a cozy bed and much more. Andrea is lovely, and we plan on staying with her next time we visit Boston! \r\n She gave us great insight on the city and was available for any questions and concerns that we had regarding the city and sightseeing. \r\nI HIGHLY  recommend staying with Andrea if you are planning a trip to Boston. Andrea and the Pink Room will make your trip worth while! We had a wonderful stay at the Carriage House. It had everything we needed and even more. The place was very clean, comfortable, luminous and decorated with taste. The neighbourhood was lively with stores and restaurants from a short distance walk. Sarah was a great host, very helpful and friendly. We definitely recommend this place. Instantly replied and helped me book the day before. Was totally available for any help. Place was totally easy to locate and effortless to get into. Room was completely clean, as was house. We had access to everything. Very quiet and warm. Even had shelves/hangers, etc! Anyway, perfect hosts, friendly &amp; never awkward. Would totally recommend! We just had a 2.5 week road trip and spent two nights here. This was our favorite place including other airbnb and hotels. It was very clean and private. Everything they could have done to make our stay perfect was done. Having a place to park was great. Even though the place isn't downtown Boston it was super easy to walk anywhere we wanted. Stephen and Megan were really nice and great hosts and easy to get in touch with for any questions! If we are ever in Boston again we won't hesitate to book here! Nigel and Eva are very nice people and they were always available for anything I needed. The room is nice and clean. The restroom is really clean and with all you need. Great location in Boston--close to many delicious italian restaurants (Salem and Hanover street) and a 10-min walk to TD Garden. It's not obvious to find the entrance but thanks to the previous airbnb reviews we found it easily!\r\n\r\nLike other airbnb members mentioned, you can hear the people above you and in the stairway pretty well--but it didn't bother us. I'd say this place is perfect for 2 people (3 is doable but a bit tight, 2 is ideal) looking for a nice, clean and conveniently located apartment in Boston! Great host! Great food! Great service! We had five people staying at the house for three nights, and everything was perfect.  Check-in and check-out went very smoothly.  The house is beautifully furnished and very comfortable.  Ten-minute walk to the Savin Hill metro station.  Overall, it was a fabulous experience. This studio apartment is perfect for a  (website hidden) was perfectly located near excellent eateries,laundrymat and easy walk to the centre.We loved Boston and this excellent accommodation made it a perfect few days.\r\nHighly recommended.\r\nGreat shower...a very comfortable bed.Thanks.\r\n Quiet, charming, private, great location, a lovely refuge in the city. Overall, Jim's place was great. It was clean, fairly quiet and in a great location. It was a really nice and convenient place. We discovered this lovely neighborhood with the willy's bar and the south end buttery. It was like living in Boston for few days. My friend and I didn't get to meet Christine personally but we enjoyed our stay! The apartment is close to the bus stop and subway station so it was really convenient. Really pretty and clean apartment so our overall experience was great! Thanks Christine! :) Positive feedback\r\nGood location. Near T.\r\nGood neighborhood.\r\nGood experience with Jeff. we stayed a bit more longer than one week in July in Mary Kate's apartment and it can be summarised by one word= PERFECT!\r\nAll you want is there: Apartment is very confortable, very well furnished and very good size with a bedroom separeted from Dining room . It's also very well located (Prudential less than 10 min by foot and same to reach Grey silverline bus station to join center of Boston with Very good rate also!\r\nMoreover,  there is a terrace on the roof of the building with chairs &amp; tables which is very nice to have a drink after a long day visit with a very good view on Boston! \r\nAt least ,Mary Kate is also very lovely women and was very carefull with us. (i.e take care about my wife who do not speek english very well\r\n\r\nFor sure I will contact her again next time I will come in Boston! We stayed at Urban Oasis for a week in early September for our Honeymoon. Andrea greeted us on arrival and showed us where everything was and how everything worked. Andrea is a wonderful host  and has fantastic knowledge of the area. We tried a lot of the recommendations and they were great, and sadly we missed out on some homemade scones!\r\nThe space itself is wonderful. It's like a treasure trove! It is lovely and clean and has everything you could think of that you might need! Take time to read the information that has been put together and collected as it really helped us decide where to eat/places to visit.\r\nWe really liked the fact that you had your own space, but Andrea was just at the end of the phone if we needed her. \r\nMe and my husband would come and stay again the next time we are in Boston, we loved it! Great view-- and nice loft. Thanks for the stay! Gary was an excellent host.  He responded very quickly on email and was very welcoming when we arrived.  He gave us enough recommendations for places to eat and drink for a much longer stay and all the ones we tried were great.  The apartment was very clean, a great size and in a good neighbourhood.  The roof terrace was lovely.  Very nice touch that Gary left a bottle of wine for us to enjoy.  The location of the apartment was very covenient for the T and getting into Boston, but there are also great bars and restaurants locally.  I would love to stay in Gary's apartment on my next trip to Boston. Comfy bed, loads of hot water and fast Wi-Fi, very enjoyable stay !! We had the best time in Larry's apt,\r\nThe neighbourhood is the best location in the city. Cedar St is a quite street that is very close to the main street of neighbourhood (Charles St) and to the nearest Starbucks.\r\n\r\nThe apt is very spacious and clean. But best thing about it are the cats! Romulus is smart and is actually in charge, and Remus is his sweet sidekick. Both of them really changed our experience for the better, and they made us smile every time we came in.\r\n\r\n\"A house without a cat is just a house and with a cat - it's home\"\r\n Nice stay in Boston, everything was fine. The Sean's condo was little but generous. Very close to the subway. Quite. We enjoy our stay in Boston. Wonderful town...this place was a part of our fabulous trip. Thanks again Our host gave a rather accurate description of the house facilities and the suggestions for things to do in the area, which is a very nice one.\r\nThey provided us some food for our first breakfast that was also very appreciated! We definitely recommend it.\r\n This is my first experience on airbnb, but I'm sure this must be one of my best experience. I'm so lucky to meet Veronika who is a nice, kindly, warmth and optimistic lady. She helped me so much that   beyond my imagination. Her lovely dogDennisand her beautiful house made our trip so exciting and fantastic . The house is so clean that I  always worried about how to keep it. Although our bedroom and dining room is in the basement, we did not feel any uncomfortable ,because the house has a perfect air system which makes the air in the house remain fresh all day long. Since the dining room and the garden are so beautiful, we spent very little time in our own room. There are no pictures of the outside on airbnb, so you will be surprised when you get there. The house is in a perfect block where local people live. It is beautiful ,quiet, peaceful and convenience to anywhere. Five minutes walk to T, to groceries, to restaurants and to the supermarket. Veronika made dedicate breakfast of the fruits and vegetables from her garden, so we can eat natural and organic food every day. I'm sure you must love here as long as you are not the person who is only used to that luxurious hotel. Here is full of love. Here is your best place to deeply explore the life in Boston. The room is clean and the bathroom is very well done. All the amenities were readily available and we had a fine, private stay at Terry's airbnb. Highly recommended for perusing Boston. The apartment is really nice, we were 6 people and had no problem of space. Emmanuel is really helpuful and was always avalaible during the process of reservation. We had a wonderful stay in Jamaica Plain, even if the subway it is not really close having a nice walk through the neighborhood was great (see the pond it is really close and it's amazing). \r\n Wonderful hosts, amazing accommodations, extremely comfortable, clean, and close to everything!  Healthy snacks and drinks were available which came in handy early in the morning!  I highly recommend staying here, it is close to everything and easy access to where ever you want to go.  Beautiful home in a great neighborhood! It will be unlikely to match this experience.  Everything was perfect! The directions were perfect and we found the place easily. The room and bed was clean, comfortable. Totally recommend. The studio was a great choice, very welcoming, spacious, well decorated and equipment and most importantly in an exceptional location by Copley Square. Julie was great to work with as the trip to Boston was spur of the moment. Jon and Margrit were very welcoming and helpful hosts. Their room was comfortable, quiet and clean. We appreciated the thoughtful breakfast of fruit and fresh bagels in the morning. The building is old but is undergoing restoration as are many of the buildings in this Jamaica Plain neighborhood. The apartment was big, bright, clean and comfortable; Churchill Suites provided toiletry kits for our group as well as coffee, tea, and other useful items. The location is fantastic: one block from Fenway, close to shopping and restaurants/bars and the T. Would highly recommend. The listing was very accurate and this apartment was perfect for our family of 5.  The location was great in a very safe neighborhood, close to public transportation.  We had a great stay and would highly recommend this as a must stay. This apartment was fantastic, in a great location in the North End close to many many restaurants, bars and grocers. It was very cosy, clean and quite spacious. Jose responded to all our inquiries promptly and made the check in/out process really easy. We would definitely stay here again. Sarah is a very charming person. The location of the house is great as the bus station is \"at the door step\" and you can take a bus to virtually everywhere in Boston area. The room and the facilities are also very good. Definitely recommend this add! Amazing stay. steve was a very friendly nan and felt very comfortable in his home The apartment was exactly as advertised (if anything, it's bigger than suggested by the pics), and was extremely comfortable for two of us.\r\n\r\nThe location was fantastic- in the heart of Beacon Hill and a short walk to Boston Common, the Public Garden, Newbury Street, the Esplanade and the North End. \r\n\r\nAs a host Galen was fantastic. Great, prompt communication in advance of and during our stay. Arrangements for arrival and departure were flexible. \r\n\r\nWould definitely recommend and would hope to stay in Galen's apartment next time we're in Boston. Perfect area to visit Boston. Very quiet. Jeff was a great host. I never used Airbnb before so he walked me through the logistics of booking. He was very responsive. We arrived about 3-4 hours later then we expected because of traffic, Jeff was very accommodating and we were able to retrieve the keys when we arrived. The size of the apartment is perfect for 2 people, 4 may become a bit cramped. The cable was not working during our stay, but we did not spend much time in the apartment. Jeff was aware of the cable and offered us Amazon Fire. The furniture and atmosphere of the apartment was very modern and welcoming. The couch bed was extremely comfortable and we were left sheets and a comforter, which is important! The location of the apartment was perfect for everything we wanted to enjoy in Boston! All around - Great Stay! Also - Dunkin Donuts, 7-Eleven, and CVS were located right at the corner! I needed a place near the Hynes Convention Center and Newberry St., so Kayla's place was in the perfect location.  Easy walk to both locations and on Commonwealth Ave right down the street from the Harvard Club near Berklee College.  The room was clean and very eclectic, befitting a college student vibe.  Kayla shares her apartment with two roommates, and although I wasn't there for very long they seemed easy to get along with.  Kayla wasn't around but was very responsive via text.  My only complaint was although Kayla's room was  clean, the shared spaces were as clean as you would expect college students to be. Amazingly charming suite, great location to visit Boston. Close to the Freedom trail in Charlestown. Highly recommended\r\n\r\nThanks for everything again The neighborhood is fabulous and the apartment fits right in. My friend and I were extremely comfortable in this lovely, luxurious place. The front rooms were filled with natural light and the bedrooms were cozy and quiet. The apartment is on a popular, well-traveled street but it was not noisy at all and felt very private. \r\n\r\nThe kitchen was well-equipped and the amenities reflected a thoughtfulness about what guests might want and need.\r\n\r\nJason was very easy to communicate with. Meghan is cool, the room is comfy. It's a very good address in Boston ! nice, clean, well organised! Excellent location, ideal for getting around on the subway (next to Charles town stop) apartment was very clean and excellent communication. Perfect studio. Easy coordination of our arrival time, easy, clear, simple house guidelines that we loved. Instant restocking of the coffee when it got low. Super clean and nice. \r\nMike and Nina were great. I recently had the opportunity to travel to Boston for a convention.  Rather than stay onsite at the Hynes Convention Center I chose to stay in Jjs Beacon Hill apartment and take the subway to Hynes.  Jjs place is a nicely renovated space (modern appliances, updated kitchen and bathroom fixtures) in a classic row house.  The apartment is professionally cleaned and I found it to be well appointed.  The nearby market allowed me to have peaceful breakfasts in the apartment before joining my fellow conventioneers.  The apartment location provides great walking access to downtown Boston while further locations are readily accessed from the nearby subway stop.  Jj was prompt to address all of my questions and was reasonable in addressing my requests.  It's hosts like Jj that make Airbnb work so well. We had a great stay! The room was clean and self sufficient. You can't beat the location as it is within walking distance to all popular sites as well as restaurants and shopping. Very safe and love the building and rooftop terrace!! Hans's apartment was great - very spacious with high ceilings and a lovely roofdeck. It also has good high-speed internet access and a truly massive widescreen TV with many cable channels included (it was fantastic to watch some World Cup games on it!). \r\n\r\nWe did have a bit of confusion initially over the parking situation, but Hans has since made a note in the listing making it clear that free parking is not available on-site, though he can provide it in a nearby garage for $100/week, which is a good deal for the area. We also did find that there was street parking (with a 2-hour limit during the day) often available just a few doors down from the apartment and were able to use that when bringing in groceries and such. \r\n\r\nI would definitely stay here again if its available the next time I'm in town! Vanya's place was perfect. Clean, comfortable, bright, and super convenient being so close to the T. Vanya was also easy to communicate with and flexible with check in/out times. We had a great stay! The neighborhood was very nice. I had several flight delays and got into Boston much later than I expected. The 24 hour key service was very prompt and got me set up in no time. Tiffany had arranged printed material for me so that I could get around the next morning. The room worked really well for my needs. Very friendly and gracious host , because the train we took was late ,we arrived after 1:00 a.m , Maggie waitted for us so late and taught us how to use laundry and charge the card etc. .the flat is great location ,just next the state house and Boston Common ,very convenient to go anywhere! the first floor of the building there are  a convenience and an Italian restautant and a Japanese restaurant ,really very convenient .the neighbourhood of course is very safe. the room is clean and there are anything you may need ,the bed is also very comfortable , my daughter and I enjoyed our stay very much . Mauricio's place is located in Brighton, in a quiet and nice area. He is a generous and good host and I would absolutely reccommend his flat to a friend. There is a nice area for walking and nearby is Thai North which is perhaps the best asian restaurant I have ever visited. Inexpensive too. On the down side, there are few in any grocery shops or a trainstation nearby. We used Uber to get around and found this was an excellent solution. All in all, I was happy with the stay. Meeting Soledad was a delight! She obviously goes above &amp; beyond to welcome guests &amp; to make sure her &amp; Rodrigo's places are nice &amp; clean. The room I had was bigger than I thought it would be &amp; the location was perfect in getting to different Boston locations. I highly recommend this space for future Air BnBers. Michelle was amazing! Any questions we had, she had the answer.  She was great to work with. I could not have asked for a better host. She always made me feel at home from the first day. She was fast replying airbnb emails and was there when I arrived. The room was extremely clean and she even had towels, shampoo and hand soap ready. She is very proud of Boston and suggested great places and restaurants to go. I highly recommend Suzy. I truly think my stay in Boston would not have been better in a 400 dollar per night hotel. My conference took place in the Hynes convention center and from her house it only took me 2 mins to walk to it. The house is located in a very safe neighborhood. There is a great view of Boston from the room. Internet worked perfectly. In summary, I am so glad I stayed there and if I ever have to go to Boston for another conference I will stay there again. This was my first time using airbnb but I had a great experience! A friend of mine and I stayed with Ben and Molly. They were great hosts! The room was nice and they had anything you could think to need available even in the bathroom. The fridge had tons of breakfast things as well. They were very helpful with things to do and very friendly. The T (subway) for transportation is a close walk as well. Their kitty was a sweetheart! I highly recommend them! Listing accurate, clean and well kept apartment. Neighborhood lively and conveniently located. Owner was extremely helpful and available for questions. This has been a gorgeous stay, for me this has been a very good presence here, very beautiful house and apartment, I hope i will come back to Boston and if i do i will 100% try to get room there again \r\nVery good and nice people Ed was a great host who made our group very welcome. He met us on arrival to show us how the apartment worked and was a mine of local information about local shopping and restaurants. The apartment was exactly as described, very spacious ,clean and well set up. The area is ideal for easy access to the heart of the city and has lots of good restaurants nearby. We could walk everywhere- we used the parking available at the apartment which was extremely convenient. I had a delightful stay at Chris &amp; Kristina's.\r\n\r\nI came in late in the evening and Kristina was very receptive and welcoming. I had no problem to communicate with her whatsoever, very quick on the texting trigger - haha!\r\nVery great place, pictures are the reality, very cozy, trendy, lovely and calm area everything you need is there in a walk. I shall book it every time I'll head to Boston, oh oui!\r\n\r\nMerci beaucoup pour tout! Francine was a wondeful host.She gave us very good instruction about restaurant.And she was warm and friendly to us.Her husband was funny.we were pleased that we spent such a good time in Boston. If we go to Boston,we'll choose to enjoy Francine's room. Great location, really in the heart of the city and walkable from all of the key areas.  The room was clean and the house was really quiet.  Robert provided me with a key to come and go which was great, and gave me a run down of the area and some really useful local insider info. The place lived up to all our expectations. Location is great,  and apartment feels very fresh and clean, with a great kitchen and bathroom. The rooftop deck had an awesome view and was nice and sunny during our visit in May. \r\n\r\nScott is a very accommodating host, and all contact that we had with him was very smooth. Highly recommended! We had a wonderful stay at Atef's place.  \r\nCharming and nit apartment, convenient location and beautiful neighborhood. But above all, Atef's hospitality was beyond all of our expectations. Kind, pleasant, and helpful. \r\n\r\nWe certainly recommend and hope to come back. Very nice place. Old apt but is given a modern feeling and like a home. Galen is a great host, reachable and always making sure everything is alright. Max was flexible and prompt meeting us at the condo early in the morning after a red-eye flight to show us in. Everything was clean and inviting and ready for my family and I to begin enjoying our Boston stay. I liked the surrounding area, the transit was easily accessed and a whole foods market, pharmacy a short walk away. We enjoyed a good meal at hospitable Warren Tavern close-by as well\r\n The title is not an over-exaggeration - Ravi's place really is the best location in Boston! Ravi was very accommodating and flexible. He's a great host with a great place. We lived in Boston for 2 years before and Ravi's place provided us the perfect location to revisit some of our favorite old sites while also exploring new nooks in the Back Bay, Beacon Hill and the rest of Boston. Perfect for 2 travelers as the open space is roomy and bed is comfortable. Would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to anyone wanting to explore Boston. It's just minutes from everything you would want or need! I was looking for a place to stay near Boston University and found Jen's place. From start to finish the experience was stress free.\r\nAll of the details like the reservations, where and when to meet to get the keys were real easy.  The place was well furnished with upscale amenities. The bed and couch was very comfortable the room did not feel crowded. The interior design works well with the size of the place.  The kitchen was on the newer side it has stainless steel appliances, granite counter tops, coffee maker and it was very clean it's the perfect size for the place. The outside deck was nice the seating was good there were padded chairs and loungers it's a good place to relax. The location was great for us we could walk to Kenmore Square BU east campus or catch the T (subway) to venture out. We were close enough to walk to Newbury street for shopping or dining. We also took a morning walk along the Charles river esplanade its about a 5 min walk to the path.\r\nMeeting with Jen was great she was really nice I felt she really cared about making our stay special. She gave us a bottle of wine, had some recommendations for the visit to Boston, and checked in during our stay to know if we needed anything. Overall it was such a nice experience I would recommend staying here. I am planing to stay for our next visit in the spring.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n I enjoyed my stay at Treetop Haven and Maria Elena was very helpful with valuable recommendations on shopping, public transportation and driving routes. It's a wonderful retreat after a busy conference or sightseeing day. Brandon is a fine gentleman who runs a no nonsense airbnb. The room is a clean and bright light filled oasis. The location is seriously convenient to the Green line and is in a quiet part of town. There is a Whole Foods just down the road, and the bathroom is right next to your room. I can think of no reason to strongly suggest that if you are coming to Boston, you should stay here if you want an excellent experience. Great apartment location and very spacious. Ideal for exploring Boston. Only downside is its and older apartment and could be cleaner. Robin and Victoria were great hosts, and we enjoyed our stay in their B&amp;B.\r\n\r\nI highly recommend Jamaica Plan - interesting shops, fantastic restaurants and convenient public transport to get into Boston to see the sights.\r\n\r\n The space was exactly as described. The location was amazingly close to all of the activity but nicely tucked away out of the hubbub in a quiet neighborhood with nice parks and walkways.  The space was clean, pleasant and allowed the 4 of us to all have our own space.  We thought we'd be riding the T to get around but found we could walk to  pretty much everything we wanted to do for our weekend stay.   The book collection, including Boston guide books, was appreciated. We loved the view of the Prudential building at night. Room was exactly as promised, location is good! Bathroom could have been cleaner. Helen is a wonderful host, helps you with everything. For this price definetely a recommendation. Wonderful hostess and very clean, cozy, accomodations.  Loved the extra touch of a home cooked breakfast frittata served on our first night there.  Overall a great experience at Maria's wonderful home.  Although not closely located to the T line, the home is within a short walking distance to the Orange line.\r\n\r\nHighly recommend!